Xia Ge asked, "I remember this thing is quite cheap, how much is it?"

The system replied, "The raw material is bubble water, it is quite cheap... ten points."

Cheap my ass.

"For the sake of friendship, let's just go with ten points."

Xia Ge gritted her teeth.

[Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the item 'Mary Sue Holy Water'!]

[Effect: When dropped on any item, the item will produce a colorful halo, with a forced charm value of 100, and the effect will last for three hours.]

Three hours, and only ten points, it doesn't seem like a bad deal.

While Chang Lu was sneering, "Don't give me your nonsense, sir, he's just talking nonsense! What kind of divine pill? He's just an outsider who can't even enter the inner door--"

"That road does lead to Suxi."

The girl raised her chin slightly, interrupting Chang Lu's words, "And today, according to Chang Lan, the senior disciple of Dan Peak, Gu Peijiu, did indeed rush from the Suxi Dan Pavilion to the Lingxi Conference Hall."

Chang Lu unwillingly said, "Maybe it's just a coincidence--"

"Hey? Coincidence? You see, you guys just don't understand, do you?" Xia Ge regretfully put the pill into her sleeve, "This senior brother, just like a pearl, if it's a divine pill, it will shine, my divine pill just shines a little later, but you can't say it's a sheep dung egg just because it shines a little later, and you can't say everything is a coincidence just because I have innate talent."

Chang Lu spat, very sarcastic, "Then, little brother with innate talent, why don't you let your sheep dung egg shine for me to see!"

Xia Ge hadn't spoken yet, and Chang Lu raised his chin again, looking very fierce. He waved his hand, "Wait a minute, you said that was a divine pill, then let's make a bet--"

Chang Lu's mind was now full of the idea of making Xia Ge kneel down and twist his head off. He was extremely malicious, but when facing Chu Yi, he still showed respect, "Sir, you be the witness. If that divine pill doesn't shine, let him kneel down and knock his head a hundred times for me! Knock until he dies!"

Xia Ge raised an eyebrow slightly.

Oh, very poisonous.

As expected of a disciple of Jianfeng, he wouldn't let go of his rightful advantage.

"What if it does?" Xia Ge put on a slightly panicked expression, "What... what will you do?"

Seeing Xia Ge like this, Chang Lu became even more confident--
He said in a harsh tone, "If that's true, I'll kowtow to you a hundred times!!!"

Anyway, it couldn't be true!

He had to make this kid kneel before him!

Chang Lu looked up at the girl over there. "Master, this kid must be lying!! He needs to be taught a lesson!"

"Okay." Xia Ge still looked a little nervous. "But, I want to add a condition..."

"You say it." Chang Lu turned his head and glared at her, with a fierce expression on his face.

"Senior Brother Chang, you said that if this isn't a divine pill, I'll kowtow to you a hundred times. But for the bet to be fair, both sides need to have something at stake. If this peerless divine pill glows... I won't ask you to kowtow to me. Instead, you'll have to kowtow to every outer disciple of Danfeng, how about that?"

Chang Lu laughed in anger. "You're just a miscellaneous disciple who can't even enter the inner sect. Where do you get the capital to talk about fairness with me!?"

Xia Ge blinked. "For a bet, both sides need to be fair regardless of their status. Oh, this is really difficult. Senior Brother Chang is now betting with me, a miscellaneous disciple who can't even enter the inner sect. Oh dear, that means Senior Brother Chang is just like me, right?"

At this, Chang Lu choked on his own blood. He was being compared to those outer disciples of Danfeng. All he could think about now was how to crush this stinky miscellaneous disciple into pieces!!

"I will definitely kill you..." Chang Lu's voice was extremely sinister. "I will make you kneel down..."

Xia Ge narrowed her eyes. "Senior Brother Chang, you must win our bet in the presence of this little junior sister."

Xia Ge thought for a moment and added another condition. "But since Senior Brother Chang feels that betting with me is humiliating, I'll add a little bonus. This divine pill has a special effect. Regardless of who wins or loses, I can give it to you to heal your injuries."

System: "..."

"You brat!" Chang Lu's sword stabbed into the ground with a clang. "Who the hell wants your crap pill? You just wait to kowtow to me!!!"

"...Master?" Xia Ge turned her head slightly to look at the girl with the silver butterfly on her sleeve.

The girl glanced at him. "Go ahead."

"Bring it out!" Chang Lu's voice was cold and vicious. "Bring it out and make it glow!" 

Xia Ge looked scared, but the Mary Sue Holy Water in her sleeve had already been tampered with while arguing with the other party. She took out the two pills from her sleeve with a sigh and said, "Here they are."
"They said it's not sheep dung eggs, it's the 'Miraculous Revival, Unbeatable Mary Sue Rejuvenation Pill'--"

The system: "......"

Just now, there didn't seem to be any Mary Sue, huh...

However, as Xia Ge took out the pill, there was suddenly a silence around him, as if the air had frozen.

No one cared about the added Mary Sue in the name of the 'Miraculous Divine Pill'. Their gazes were all focused on the two pills in the young man's hand, which shone with a seven-colored radiance under the setting sun.

It was an unparalleled temptation and a dazzling color that stirred everyone's greedy demons with temptation--

They wanted it, to obtain it!!!

With this divine pill, they could live forever, never die!!!

With it, they could obtain everything!!!

Chang Lu felt like he had forgotten everything, his mind filled only with one thought--

Obtain it!

"The divine pill..."

He murmured from the bottom of his heart.

No one cared about the pill's effects, nor did anyone care if it only emitted light. The more naive the youth, the easier they were to be blinded by the dazzling temptation and lose their original intentions.

This was human nature.

Everyone was looking at the divine pill in Xia Ge's hand, while the girl with the silver butterfly embroidered on her sleeve was looking at the young man's face, her eyebrows slightly furrowed.

The boy with the green hairband had a faint smile on his lips, his slender figure wrapped in a linen robe. He seemed to be injured, with a white bandage wrapped around his neck, making his fair skin and delicate features stand out.

Chu Yi's eyebrows twitched slightly, inexplicably thinking that as a boy, this person was quite delicate.

Although the seven-colored divine pill was very tempting, it was far from the level that could make her heart beat faster. The Chu family of Chang'an was a royal family five hundred years ago. Although they no longer had a country or power, nor the glory of the royal family, she still didn't care about just two pills.

Useless things were never of interest to her.
She felt that there were only two things that interested her. One was to pull down her eldest sister from her high pedestal, and the other...

Chu Yi suddenly clenched her fist and slightly closed her eyes.

The other...

On this side, Xia Ge suddenly put the pill back into her sleeve. The colorful light suddenly disappeared, and everyone was stunned before coming back to their senses.

The young man had a cunning look on his face and casually said, "Oh, Senior Brother, did you just say 'Divine Pill'?"

Chang Lu, who had just regained his senses, immediately blushed and said, "No, I didn't!"

Chu Yi's voice was flat, "Chang Lu."

Chang Lu's face turned red, "I... I didn't mean to!"

Xia Ge had an innocent look on her face, "But didn't Senior Brother Chang say that as long as my Divine Pill glows, it would be considered a Divine Pill? I'll kowtow to you a hundred times."

She shook her hand, and the seven-colored divine light flashed by. Chang Lu's eyes widened again, and Xia Ge's voice was very innocent, "But it's glowing now. According to our bet, what should you do, Senior Brother?"

Chang Lu clenched his fists, and his knuckles made a cracking sound.

Xia Ge raised her eyebrows slightly and looked at the little girl next to her. Her voice was faintly teasing, "Little Junior Sister, you remember what Senior Brother Chang just said, right? You can't favor him just because he's also a disciple of Sword Peak."

"..."

Chu Yi glanced at the grinning young man and paused, "Of course, I won't show any favoritism."

Chang Lu suddenly widened his eyes, "My lord!"

Chu Yi glanced at him, and Chang Lu immediately fell silent.

Although he was the son of the side branch of the Chang family, he could only rely on the identity of the Chang family to follow behind the Second Miss of Chu family and pretend to be powerful. But in critical moments, he didn't even have the qualifications to speak, let alone say anything that would make a difference.

The Second Miss of Chu family was blind for a period of time, and it was unclear whether she was poisoned or not. She disappeared mysteriously from her family and wandered around the world. When she returned, her eyesight was restored, but her personality became very strange, making it difficult for people to discern...

She was indifferent to his bullying of the weak, and sometimes even deliberately gave him convenience. Although she was only eleven or twelve years old, her thoughts were as deep as a snake, making it difficult for people to see through her. In Chang Lu's eyes, the Second Miss would only show obvious emotions when she met her eldest sister...

Hatred, disgust, and a desire to see her dead.
The conversation can be divided into two parts. Now, even if the second young miss of the Chu family orders him to kowtow to this young boy until he dies, no one can accuse her of anything.

The Chu family of Chang'an, even without the title of the royal family, can make all the other families bow down to them with just the ancient garment charm, the Chu Blade Sacrificing Spirit.

"I won't show favoritism."

"But before that."

The young girl with silver butterflies on her sleeve looked at Xia Ge and asked, "What's your name?"

Her fist under her sleeve tightened slightly, while Xia Ge smiled, "My name is Xia Ge."

"... Xia, Ge."

The person she loves... also has the surname Xia.

It's really a disgustingly familiar surname.

Chu Yi's face still had a smile, but her eyes flashed with a hint of coldness, "I see."

Just a moment ago... she thought she had found that person.

As expected, it was impossible.

And... she could actually mistake someone with the surname Xia for that person.

How ridiculous.

The young girl turned and left, "Chang Lu, fulfill your previous bet."

Chang Lu widened his eyes, looking incredulously at the girl's back, "M-miss...?"

The disciples of Jianfeng looked hesitantly at Chang Lu lying injured on the ground as Chu Yi walked away. Someone wanted to come and help him up, but the girl's voice suddenly rang out.

"Shameful."

The Jianfeng disciples who wanted to help suddenly stiffened, then quickly followed Chu Yi without paying any attention to Chang Lu.

The hesitant voice of the system sounded, "Host, is it really okay not to greet your old acquaintance...?"

"It doesn't matter."
Xia Ge paused, looking serious. "She's someone who can eat baozi every day now."

No, that's not quite right. She always could.

The system replied, "So what does eating baozi have to do with this?"

Xia Ge finished speaking and walked past Chang Lu, who was curled up behind him and not moving. He picked up the motionless girl and said, "I'll take you to see a doctor."

Chang Lu, who had injured his leg, gritted his teeth and stared at Xia Ge without saying a word.

Xia Ge lifted the girl and turned to Chang Lu, tilting his head and smiling. "Chang Shixiong, don't forget about our bet."

Chang Lu held back for a moment before saying angrily, "Then give me the 'divine pill'!"

The system said, "..."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Xia Ge's slightly melancholic mood dissipated instantly because of Chang Lu's words.

"Don't forget to kowtow, Chang Shixiong." Xia Ge held back his laughter and threw the 'divine pill' in his pocket in front of Chang Lu. "Use it as much as you want, it cures all illnesses!"

The seven-colored radiance of the pill suddenly bloomed, and Chang Lu's brain went blank in an instant. The pain in his leg seemed to have diminished because of the brilliance of the 'divine pill,' and his eyes were full of greed.

After throwing the pill, Xia Ge turned and left with the girl in his arms.

The system said, "Is he the 'eternal confidant' you found?"

Xia Ge replied seriously, "Actually, his confidant is greed, not me."

So a small lesson learned, no big deal.

The girl in her arms struggled when Xia Ge threw the pill to Chang Lu, her eyes full of hatred and pain, her voice hoarse. "Why did you give him the divine pill? Why did you save him?"

Xia Ge was taken aback. The girl stared at her with hatred and pain in her eyes. "Chang Lu has been doing evil things because of his status. Why did you save him? Scum, scum--"

She was jumping around and had enough strength to curse people, and it didn't seem like she was seriously injured...

Xia Ge said, "I suddenly remembered something..."
She held the young girl and turned around to face Chang Lu, who was trembling as he held the "divine pill" in his hands. A smile appeared on her lips. "Senior Brother."

Chang Lu was snapped out of his dizziness by her voice. He looked at Xia Ge's face and felt a strong sense of disgust. "What are you doing?!"

The young girl in Xia Ge's arms trembled, and she instinctively held onto Xia Ge's clothes and began to shake.

Has she been traumatized?

Just seeing it makes her afraid.

Xia Ge's lips curved into a smile, but her eyes were cold. "Senior Brother, have you forgotten? The person in my arms is a disciple of the outer sect of Dan Peak."

Chang Lu's face suddenly changed!

She tilted her head and smiled lightly. "Speaking of which, I am also a disciple of the outer sect of Dan Peak, but I didn't wear a red hairband, so you don't have to kowtow to me."

"Isn't it worth it, Senior Brother Chang? You don't have to kowtow twice."

The trembling of the young girl in her arms stopped slightly, and she looked up at Xia Ge with a look of disbelief in her eyes.

However, almost in an instant, Chang Lu's sword suddenly flew up. He held the pill in one hand and the hilt of the sword in the other, and the tip of the sword pointed straight at Xia Ge's throat!
