Xia Ge was a restless person.

As for whether the hand-holding game was real or fake, let's put that aside for now...

Just knowing that the place where she was injured was such a "sacred place," Xia Ge became even more restless.

Moreover, upon careful reflection, when she woke up, she was really holding onto her senior sister's hand...with their fingers interlocked.

Xia Ge tried to shift her perspective.

Although the system was not awake, its basic functions could be summoned by Xia Ge herself, such as the system store and character skill panel.

She opened the point mall and found that her balance was inexplicably twenty points more. Upon checking the points details, she found that it was a reward for refining the "Three-Life Golden Pill" and comprehending the "Ancient Gathering Spirit Formation."

The Ancient Gathering Spirit Formation? Could it be the formation she accidentally used during the competition, in the tomb of the ancient ancestor?

Damn, it was really a treasure! She had earned a lot of points this time!

After the joy passed, Xia Ge stared at the details, scratched her head, and then her eyes lit up. "So...does that mean I succeeded in refining the pill last time?"

She comprehended the Ancient Gathering Spirit Formation and refined the Three-Life Golden Pill...

Wow, she was really awesome!

A big stone in her heart suddenly fell to the ground. After Bixi came, she took away the small table and the scrolls on it, depriving Xia Ge of the opportunity to peek at the rankings. But...

Since she had refined the Three-Life Golden Pill, she must be in the top six!

Excellent.jpg

"Uh...doesn't that mean thirty points? Why am I missing ten points?" Xia Ge looked at her balance, then at the details. "How strange..."

The points details would record the expenditure and income of the points in detail, but the ten missing points had no trace.

There was only an income of thirty points, but no expenditure of ten points.

"Ah, how did I lose ten points?" Xia Ge thought of her painful experience of digging more than ten sanitary pads on the back mountain, and then looked at the ten missing points, feeling like her heart was bleeding. "Ten sanitary pads!"

System: "...I used them."


The system's voice suddenly sounded, startling Xia Ge. "Ah, you're awake?"

The system replied with a simple "Mm."

However, the system's awakening did not bring Xia Ge any joy, only distress: "You used ten sanitary napkins?!"

The system replied, "I don't use sanitary napkins."

Xia Ge lamented, "But it's gone!"

The system remained silent.

"Forget it," Xia Ge said with a world-weary expression. "You're the boss, use as many as you want. I'm just an oppressed proletariat."

The system couldn't help but feel a sense of resentment at Xia Ge's words.

After thinking for a moment, the system explained, "I woke up because your spiritual energy backlash prevented me from starting up. So it took ten points to wake me up."

Xia Ge remained expressionless. "Why did you wake up? Don't wake up again."

The system couldn't help but feel the urge to hit someone, even though it was a lie that it took ten points to wake up.

"Wake up and help me look for some medicine that can heal my injuries faster."

Xia Ge reluctantly accepted the reality that the points were already spent and tried to squeeze some extra value out of the system.

The system couldn't help but think, who was really being oppressed here?

Despite its inner complaints, it knew that it was in the wrong for erasing Xia Ge's memories without consent.

"There is a simple way to heal your injuries faster: Jinjiang's steamed buns."

It brought up the page for Jinjiang's steamed buns and placed an order.

"Jinjiang's Steamed Buns: a bun that can quickly restore your health! After eating it, your external injuries can heal one level faster, and you'll be able to move around freely for a day! It's only 15 points! Super cost-effective!"

Xia Ge was speechless.
System: "I told you it's not an ordinary steamed bun, but you didn't believe me."

Xia Ge: "But the steamed buns at the Jinjiang Steamed Bun Shop outside the door, which cost one copper coin each, seem more cost-effective at first glance, don't they?"

System: "But they can't heal injuries."

Unexpected.jpg

Xia Ge: "..." I lost.

She spent fifteen points to buy a healing steamed bun, but for some reason, she felt a little strange holding it.

"Host, why aren't you eating it?"

The system noticed Xia Ge staring at the steamed bun in a daze, sounding slightly nervous.

"I don't know..." Xia Ge stared at the steamed bun, "I just feel like I forgot something."

System hesitantly said, "...I don't think so."

Xia Ge shook her head and took a small bite out of habit. "Maybe I'm just overthinking it. Oh, right, Xiao Kui, quickly check my credit with Senior Sister."

She quickly forgot about this small matter.

"It's nothing special, very normal." The system checked, "30% credit, which means she trusts what you say...as long as you tell the truth."

Xia Ge was surprised. "Oh, I haven't gone bankrupt yet?"

System: "...Do you want to go bankrupt?"

"Not really." Xia Ge slowly finished the steamed bun and thought for a moment. "I just feel like...if I tell the truth, I'll be punished, and I don't know why..."

"I don't know why." Xia Ge touched her chest, feeling a little distressed. "Is it because Senior Sister looks too fierce? Why do I always feel like I can't trust her..."

System: "She's not fierce, it's just that you don't want to be punished."

Xia Ge: "Sigh, maybe...but I probably won't be able to avoid punishment this time. The only difference is how severe it will be."

System: "As long as you know."


"Fine, fine, I'm used to it. Oh, by the way, I have a question for you," Xia Ge opened the system panel and pointed to the content, "What's going on with the updates in this area?"

Puppet Panel (Updated): 【 】

She opened the puppet panel and looked at it. There wasn't much difference from before, except that there was an image of the glass puppet she had made before it transformed.

The system paused. "We added a self-destruct function for the puppets."

"Huh?" Xia Ge asked.

The system replied, "Click on that image."

Xia Ge clicked on the image and it flipped over, revealing a gray and alarming 【Explosion】.

The system explained, "If you click on it again, the little puppet will explode. The range and power of the explosion will vary depending on the level of the puppet."

Xia Ge said, "…This is quite an operation. Oh, it's gray, does that mean it can't be used?"

The system said, "There is a distance range. You can only make it explode if you're close enough to the little puppet."

Xia Ge said, "I see. It's still not very useful."

After a pause, Xia Ge blinked and got excited again. "So, what can my previous puppet explode? It must be very powerful, right? Like a small nuclear bomb?"

The system said, "Do you know the feeling of a firecracker exploding in a sealed soda bottle? It's similar to that."

Xia Ge said, "…"

From a small nuclear bomb to a firecracker in a soda bottle, are we in the same dimension and imagination?

The system asked, "What? Do you expect a low-level puppet to cause a world-shattering explosion?"

Xia Ge had no expression on her face.

Okay, okay, let's not talk about it anymore.

So, this skill is useless for her, right? Just a waste?

Suffocating.jpg

After eating the buns, Xia Ge felt much better. The feeling of weakness from her injuries slowly faded away, and she seemed to be gaining strength.
This gave her some time to ponder on things more important than setting off firecrackers to blow up beverage bottles.

For example, the things she discovered in Qinling.

"Xiao Gui, didn't you say before that if I find [Town Soul], I can level up directly?" 

The system replied, "Yes."

It was somewhat surprised, "Did you find a clue?"

Xia Ge's lips curved into a smile, "I found some clues, but I'm still not sure. If this steamed bun of yours works well, I should be able to get out of bed tomorrow, right?"

The system replied, "More or less...?"

Meanwhile, at Sword Peak.

There were rooms specifically prepared for inner disciples at Sword Peak, and Ye Ze didn't have much to pack, so he just moved a few stacks of books and clothes.

As he carried the last stack of books up the mountain, he was suddenly stopped by someone.

"Hey... let me take a look."

With a somewhat rogue tone, "This is the poor guy from Dan Feng, right?"

"Hahaha, look at him still wearing rough clothes. What about Dan Feng's Dan Feng Su Yi?"

"Oh, he's different. He's in Sword Peak now, so he's the noble son of Sword Peak. How can he still wear such lowly clothes from Dan Feng?"

"Huh? What? Does he think he's not a dog of Dan Feng anymore just because he's in Sword Peak? Hahaha, that's ridiculous--"

"..."

The mountain road was rugged, and the dark clouds gradually covered the bright moon. Ye Ze held the book in silence and looked at the three people in front of him who were laughing and teasing him.

He had no expression on his face and silently held the book, ready to walk past them. But unexpectedly, one of them suddenly kicked him--

"Tsk, your face is quite big. Are you going to walk away? Did you hear me talking to you?"

This kick was both hard and accurate, hitting him squarely in the stomach. His stomach suddenly hurt, and the books in his hand scattered all over the ground. He was thrown to the ground by the kick.
Ye Ze slowly got up. Under the dark and starless night sky, with dark clouds looming, the young man's eyes flickered with a cold light, but it was soon covered by the deep darkness of the night. He wanted to pick up the book on the ground, but his hand was suddenly stepped on by someone!

"...!"

The person stepping on his hand was a short guy with a hint of slyness in his drooping eyes. "Do you think that just because you entered Sword Peak, you can soar to the sky? Let me tell you, beggars are always beggars! Don't ever think you can sit on equal footing with us - oh my god, just thinking about having to attend classes with maggots like you who crawled out of the mud makes me sick!"

Ye Ze looked up at him, his black eyes calm and steady.

"What's with that look? What, you got a problem? Want to fight?!"

Fists and feet rained down like a storm, and the gap between Ye Ze, who only studied alchemy, and the Sword Peak disciples who specialized in swordsmanship was as obvious as the difference between liberal arts and physical education students - 

"Huh? Why aren't you looking anymore? Watch how I beat you up!"

"You admit defeat?!"

"I'm telling you, someone like you isn't even worthy of polishing our shoes!"

"Haha - you know, I heard that when this kid was an inner disciple at Dan Peak, someone specifically polished his shoes for him!"

"Hahaha, who would humiliate themselves like that?" The short guy sneered.

"Ha ha ha, aren't they all maggots like him -"

The silent boy who had been taking the beating suddenly seemed to have gone crazy and violently punched the tall and skinny guy in the face!

"What the f*ck! You hit me -"

"You want to die?!"

The response to Ye Ze's action was even more violent fists and feet!

"Wow, impressive - I'll tell you, I know, that maggot like you is called Xia Wu Yin, right -"

The short guy who was beating him paused for a moment, hesitating a little. "It's the one who refined the Three Lives Golden Pill in this year's Dan Peak competition... Xia Wu Yin?"
"Oh, who knows! But even if he is, so what? If I want to teach someone a lesson, I'll do it. Even if he can refine the Hundred Life Golden Pill, if I don't like someone, I'll still beat them up!" 

"Hahaha, that's right!" 

-"I don't know him." 

The other person hadn't spoken yet when they heard the low voice of the young man under their fist, "Who are you talking about?" 

"Huh? Pretending not to know? Maybe he's too successful to bother with you!" 

"Who let you talk? Damn it, you're asking for a beating! I'll say whoever I want to say!" 

"... " 

The night wind was cold, the trees were swaying, and the young girl with silver butterfly embroidery on her cuffs sat on a branch, looking down at the brutal scene below, her smile as light as the wind. 

Look, sister. 

This is the Sword Peak that you protect. 

Bullying the weak, recklessness, greed, oppression, as long as you stir up their desires and darkness a little bit- 

They will desperately tear and bite at what they want to tear and bite, what they envy and hate. 

As for the genius alchemist, Xia Wuyin, who refined the Three Life Golden Pill and was famous in the Three Peaks... 

"Be even better." She tilted her head and smiled innocently. "Go higher." 

"Be... even more dazzling." 

This way, when you lose everything, it will hurt even more, won't it? 

Chu Yi raised her head slightly, looking at the bright moon covered by darkness above her, her smile becoming even colder. 

◇
