As soon as Mao Qing spoke, all of their classmates in the school turned to look at Xia Ge with surprise, teasing, and even bold laughter. "Hey! The leader should agree quickly!" 

Xia Ge: "......" 

It was close, with breaths audible nearby. 

Xia Ge's gaze met Mao Qing's black eyes directly, and it was undeniable that she was momentarily stunned. 

Her heart beat steadily. 

There was a sense of nervousness, but not a sense of attraction. 

It seemed... different somehow. 

Thanks to Mao Qing's blessing, Xia Ge came back to her senses. She didn't feel embarrassed by the teasing, but simply turned her face away and moved her chin out of Mao Qing's hand. "You're getting better and better at joking." 

She could understand a girl liking another girl, after all, lesbianism and such were not uncommon nowadays. But she was just very uncertain... 

What was she? 

Could she like girls herself? If she couldn't, then she should refuse. 

But, senior sister... 

She couldn't... refuse. 

So did she like her or not? Could she like her? If she couldn't like girls... but forced herself to... 

That would be unfair to senior sister. 

The more she thought, the more confused she became. 

Her mind was a mess. 

Mao Qing straightened up and looked at Xia Ge's uneasy appearance, her hidden and icy gaze falling quietly on her crimson hairband. 

She had noticed it a long time ago. 

This was an ancient clothing demon's... doppelganger. 

It gave her the same feeling as Blood Stained Spring and Autumn.
Bai Ren once told her that the ancient garment demon, Tianzhu Ling, was in the hands of Gu Peijiu, a senior disciple of Danfeng.

So it seems that the origin of Xia Wuyin's small garment demon on her head can be traced.

Feeling a malicious gaze, Xiaoxiangsi curled up her small tail slightly, looking a bit alert.

Mao Qing, or Su Chan, tilted her head slightly and smiled faintly.

It's really extreme love.

Before the appearance of the evil spirits mountain...she also needs to do something.

After all, it's ridiculous that the little priest of the magic sect is in charge of Danfeng.

"Ah...it's so annoying." Xia Ge put her head on the table and looked blank. Su Chan smiled slightly, patted Xia Ge's head with her snowy white hand, and inadvertently brushed Xiaoxiangsi with her slender fingers. Her voice was soft: "What's so annoying about this?"

Xia Ge, who was in a state of confusion, didn't notice Su Chan's small movements, and said with a headache: "I don't know what to do..."

"Don't know what to do? Let me teach you." Mao Qing withdrew her hand, smiling.

Xia Ge looked up at her.

Mao Qing's voice was shallow: "When you feel like you have no idea, just be alone for a while."

Xia Ge hesitated: "Are you suggesting that I..."

Avoid her senior sister?

But...

"I didn't ask you to hide," Mao Qing casually put the hand that had just brushed Xiaoxiangsi into her sleeve, and smiled lightly at the corner of her mouth. "I just want you to think about it alone."

She leaned down slightly, leaned against Xia Ge's ear ambiguously, and breathed lightly: "After all, you don't know...what to do."

"If you meet, what would you say to her?"

"How would you face her?"

Xia Ge said, "I can--"

"Do you like her?" Mao Qing suddenly interrupted her, and before Xia Ge could continue speaking, she lightly laughed, her lips lightly brushing Xia Ge's earlobe, and then softly rubbing her cheek, her voice ambiguous and hoarse, "I mean...this kind of like."
Xia Ge's whole body stiffened, then suddenly widened her eyes and pushed her away as if she had been electrocuted!

Her thoughts were as fast as lightning, and she stared at Mao Qing, "You, you, you--"

"How did you know?!"

She was now a man to the outside world, and she hadn't told Mao Qing anything about what she had encountered, just...just wrote a few words--

Mao Qing had a very interesting look on her face, "Our Xia Xiaozhangling's first love appearance is really cute."

But Xia Ge didn't appreciate it at all, still staring at her tightly. Her originally confused eyes were now sharp, with a hint of coldness.

"Oh, getting angry from embarrassment."

Mao Qing laughed.

Someone next to her also joined in, "Why is Xia Xiaozhangling so easily embarrassed, haha."

"Really a playboy."

"..."

System: "What's wrong with you?"

Xia Ge stared at Mao Qing, feeling that all the hairs on her body were standing up. "Something's wrong...something's really wrong..."

"What?" Mao Qing didn't care at all under Xia Ge's sharp gaze, casually took a piece of almond candy from the drawer and peeled it open, lazily saying, "Our Xia Xiaozhangling is being pursued by a young lady outside, and I kindly gave her some advice. Why are you holding a grudge?"

She looked a bit aggrieved, but there was a shallow smile in her eyes. "It's really chilling."

Su Chan thought absentmindedly, this child is really sensitive.

It should be said that she is really worthy of being Danfeng's little leader.

Gu Peijiu is good at judging people, but still too inexperienced.

Xia Ge slowly restrained her coldness and smiled after a while, "I'm a little nervous."

Now that she has come back to her senses, Mao Qing really didn't refer to anyone in particular just now. Except for being a bit too intimate, upon careful consideration, none of the things she said just now implied that Xia Ge was a girl. Every sentence was just asking her to calm down and think about whether she wanted to accept the young lady's pursuit.

It was her own nerves that were too sensitive.
When she came back to her senses, she realized that it was the nonsense she had just written on the draft that made her look suspicious.

Even if Mao Qing guessed it, it wouldn't be wrong to suspect her.

After Xia Ge finished speaking, she saw Mao Qing staring at her and asked, "Is that it?"

Xia Ge was confused and asked, "What do you mean?"

"Shouldn't you apologize to me?" Mao Qing propped up her chin, smiling slyly, "For example, treat me to something."

"Oh, I see. Yes, that's right." Xia Ge pounded her hand and sincerely said, "I'll treat you to something good tomorrow!"

Mao Qing replied, "I'll wait and see."

That night.

The Thousand Souls Sect.

On the round glass table, the light blue patterns flickered incessantly. Qin Yue stared at the patterns while drawing a picture.

After a while, she heard a low and respectful voice outside, "Madam Sect Leader."

Qin Yue stopped her hand movements and looked up. She saw a girl in red lazily walking in. Under the cold moonlight, the bright red dress was as vibrant as a red lotus, and the fabric on her shoulders hung down casually, revealing her fragrant shoulders.

Qin Yue paused for a moment. In the Northern Desert, only Su Chan, who possessed ancient clothes, could freely come and go between the Thousand Souls Sect and the Lingxi Peak thousands of miles away.

Unlike other clothes spirits, Bloodstained Spring and Autumn liked to change her style. If she saw a new style, she would change it every day, as if she wanted to vent the bitterness of being forced to follow her master and go undercover in the Dan Peak as a Danfeng Plain Cloth.

Su Chan didn't mind, and with Bloodstained Spring and Autumn's little preference, she sat on the top seat slowly. Qin Yue lowered her head and said, "Greetings, Madam Sect Leader."

"No need to be polite."

Qin Yue looked up and saw the enchanting and beautiful girl playing with a thin red thread in her hand. She seemed to be in a very good mood. "How is it going?"

"The Evil Spirit Mountain can be summoned at any time." Qin Yue lowered her head again and asked, "When will the Sect Leader..."

"Just wait a little longer." Su Chan hooked the red thread in her hand, with a shallow smile on her lips, but a hint of gloom appeared in her eyes. "I have something to confirm."

Qin Yue's gaze flickered over the red thread on her fingertips. "Yes."

Su Chan suddenly noticed her gaze and raised her eyebrows slightly. A pleasant smile appeared on her lips. "Is it pretty?"
The delicate crimson thread was wrapped around the snow-white and slender fingertips, complemented by the stunning red dress, creating a breathtaking beauty.

"I think so too." Su Chan stared at the red thread in her hand. "But... it's not just for looks."

Qin Yue looked at her.

"Do you want to know?" Su Chan casually asked.

Qin Yue didn't answer.

"This is... a key." Su Chan didn't expect her to answer, she just thought of the little girl during the day and chuckled. "This is a precious key that will help us little priests get home faster."

After she finished speaking, she saw the crimson blood on her body slowly light up with tiny golden dots. These dots seeped into the thin red thread in her hand, and the thread, like a spider web, began to spread and intertwine before finally tightening into a thin red ribbon.

If Xia Ge were here, she would be shocked to see that the red ribbon was identical to the lovesick ribbon!

As a high priest with abundant spiritual power, Qin Yue could clearly feel that although it was an ancient dress demon created with the same blood as the lovesick ribbon, it emitted a completely different aura from the lovesick ribbon.

It wasn't a completely unfamiliar aura...

Qin Yue's pupils slightly contracted. She had a good memory and quickly recalled the woman who had saved her from a stranger three years ago in the mountain prison. The woman emitted the same aura as the ancient dress demon in her hand.

"...Identical."

"What... what do you want to do?" Qin Yue asked.

"What I want to do?" Su Chan casually hooked the red ribbon and tilted her head. "Ah... I feel like eating something."

Qin Yue: "I'll go and give the order."

"No need." Su Chan kissed the red ribbon in her hand and smiled lightly. "Someone invited me tomorrow..."

Pausing for a moment, she seemed to find it interesting as she hooked the ribbon and said seriously, "To eat."

Qin Yue: "..."

Meanwhile, in Chang'an...

The candlelight was dim, and Chu Zhan lay in bed with an unpleasant expression.
A woman sat on the bed wiping tears from her face, looking pale. Chu Yao stood nearby, her lips tightly pursed.

Chu Zhan's voice was weak: "Xiaoyi, still not willing to come back?"

Chu Yao replied with a sound of agreement, paused, and added: "Our daughter has sent someone over, she should be back soon. Father, don't worry."

"I see." Chu Zhan sighed, looking at the flickering candlelight in the distance, murmuring to himself, "I see."

The woman was Chu Yao's birth mother, and the candlelight made her face look even paler. "Husband..."

"You two can go out." Chu Zhan closed his eyes. "I need to think about something alone."

They left the room.

Chu Yao's mother was depressed, and Chu Yao didn't know what to say. After a while, she could only comfort her: "Mother, don't worry, nothing will happen."

Chu Yao's mother shook her head, looking older than ever: "He was perfectly fine...how did this happen all of a sudden?"

Chu Yao fell silent.

Chu Yao's mother said: "You go back first, I'll stay here for a while longer."

Chu Yao said: "You should go first, I'll stay here and look after father. It's windy at night, don't catch a cold."

However, Chu Yao's mother stubbornly refused to leave. Chu Yao had no choice but to go back and get a cloak for her mother. She had originally planned to stay with her mother, but the butler came over and gestured to her.

Chu Yao asked the butler: "What's the matter?"

The butler glanced at Chu Yao's mother, hesitated, and Chu Yao's mother said: "You should go and attend to your business."

Chu Yao paused, telling her mother, "Remember to go back early."

"Okay."

She followed the old butler to the study. The old butler frowned, his eyes full of deep concern: "Young master, the Chang family has been causing trouble lately..."

Chu Yao didn't say anything.

The old butler plucked up the courage to say: "I suspect...someone leaked the family's account books..."
"Alright, I understand." Chu Yao interrupted him, the moonlight pouring down as her gaze turned slightly cold. "Don't bring up this matter again."

The old butler became anxious. "But-"

For the past three years, things had been leaked, big or small, and they unintentionally grasped the pulse of the Chu family.

It was as if there was a pair of cold, venomous snakes coiled deep within the home, waiting for the chance to bite off a piece of flesh-

"I will handle this matter properly," Chu Yao said. "Father is seriously ill, don't let him worry about this anymore."

The old butler sighed. He naturally understood this reasoning, but...

"...Young Miss must keep this matter in mind," the old butler lowered his head slightly before leaving.

The sound of the study door closing was very light, the wind blowing in as the weak candlelight flickered, like the weak candle in Father's room.

Chu Yao's hand brushed over the leather-bound account book, her long eyelashes casting a faint shadow below her eyes. After a while, her slender fingers brushed over the bookshelf behind the desk before finally pulling out a few letters from a hidden compartment.

Chu Yao sat at the desk, pulling out the letters and reading them from the beginning.

The handwriting on the letters was very delicate, with a light and lively touch, half in characters and half in white space, describing the flowers of Dan Peak and the rabbits and white birds of Beast Peak, and also mentioning how her archery skills had improved a lot-

"...Have you seen the peach blossoms covering the mountains in heaven? They're so beautiful!" 
◇
