"Hey, Your Highness Princess, you were 'kidnapped' like this, the brothers from the mountain stronghold are really troublesome."

On the bustling street, a girl dressed in plain clothes, with a bone flute tied around her waist, looked helpless as she spoke to a slightly taller girl beside her. "If your cheap father gets angry, our stronghold will be in trouble."

The slightly taller girl was also dressed in plain clothes, with shiny black hair, but her complexion was slightly pale, making her look a little weak. She glared at the girl, "I have my uncle to support me, what are you afraid of?"

"It's not about being afraid of accidents." The girl shrugged.

"You don't have to worry about accidents." The person known as Princess snorted. "If there are no accidents, my father will definitely cause trouble."

After a pause, the girl said, "...don't call me Your Highness Princess, it gives me goosebumps."

"What should I call you?" The girl laughed. "Shishi? Ashi? Oh, they sound so nice."

Chu Shi: "Xia Wushuang, go to Peach Blossom Village by yourself, this princess won't accompany you."

"Hey, hey, don't be like that. I'm afraid that the ambitious princess will lose her spirit because of my few words. The people of a continent are still waiting for the princess to save them." The girl said, "If your ambition is ruined by my few words, then I will become a sinner for eternity."

After a while, Chu Shi grinded her teeth and said, "You talk too much."

But then Xia Wushuang knocked her hand and had a sudden inspiration. "Hey, speaking of which, this could also make me famous for eternity. The crime is 'a smile that brings forth a hundred charms, causing the king to neglect his duties from then on'..."

Chu Shi's serious expression suddenly couldn't be maintained and she burst out laughing. "Haha, a smile that brings forth a hundred charms? You? Hahaha..."

Xia Wushuang: "..." Do you have any objections to my peerless beauty?

"Okay, okay." After being speechless for a while, Xia Wushuang changed the subject. "I've been studying a kind of puppet technique recently and need some materials..."

"What materials?" Chu Shi's expression became serious.

"Ah, who knows what materials, I don't even know where to find them." Xia Wushuang looked a little melancholy. "If only they could fall from the sky."

Chu Shi: "..."

Xia Wushuang bought a sugar-coated hawthorn with a few copper coins. "Anyway, I can't find them. I heard that the peach blossoms in Peach Blossom Village are beautiful. Shall we go there tomorrow to relax?"

Chu Shi didn't answer, just stared at the sugar-coated hawthorn. "I want one too."

Xia Wushuang took a bite of the hawthorn. "Buy it yourself."

Chu Shi: "I don't have any money."
Ugh, the entire treasury belongs to you, and yet you come here crying poverty to a little puppeteer like her.

Chu Shi: "I've been kidnapped by you guys now, and I don't have any money."

Xia Wushuang, with a heavy heart: "Then you should at least look like a hostage. What if I tear up the ticket in anger?"

"Go ahead," Chu Shi said. "Anyway, if you tear it up, no one will give you money to buy puppet materials."

Xia Wushuang: "..."

Well, all the research funds are controlled by the big boss.

Xia Ge honestly bought sugar-coated haws for the princess.

One day, the princess pretended to be kidnapped by bandits and secretly rebelled against her father. It was happening right in front of their eyes.

Sigh, they're all one family, why make such a fuss?

It's just that the father is a bit cheap, cruel, causing the suffering of the people, making them unable to make a living... that's all.

Hmm.

It's nothing.

But this cheap father actually wants to marry off the princess to please the barbarians, which is a bit too much.

Xia Wushuang bit down hard on the hawthorn in her mouth.

= =

Xia Ge, with Dou Dou in tow, had not been gone for long, but she felt like her hair had gotten a little shorter. After excessive use of spiritual power, it was especially so.

It was like her whole person was regressing.

The system explained that--

The reason was because of the Time River she had crossed before.

"You were originally someone who traveled downstream from this shore, but you went upstream to the other shore. As punishment... or rather, balance, the Time River reversed the flow of time that belonged to you... that's all."

[Life is like a long river, with infants at the headwaters and the elderly at the mouth.]
【Time is like a long river, now on this shore, the past on the other shore.】

【Life and death are easily separated, but time is difficult to cross.】

She was originally a person who walked downstream from this shore.

That is to say, she should have followed the same path as most people, aging and eventually dying, contributing to the history of the river of time.

But because she went to the other shore, the river of time began to flow backwards, causing her to walk upstream from the downstream on the other shore.

Therefore, she will become smaller and smaller, her hair will become shorter, her nails will shrink, her strength will decline, and everything she has gained over time will slowly be returned to time.

It was not obvious before, and she didn't pay much attention to it even when she noticed something was wrong. But when she used her spiritual power to save Dou Dou, for some reason it accelerated her time reversal.

It became slightly more noticeable.

System: "You are a person with the wrong time, and using spiritual power will definitely rebound on you."

"What should I do?" Xia Ge asked.

The system replied succinctly: "Find the river of time and go back."

"The longer you delay, the more disadvantageous it will be for you," the system said. "No one knows if you will return to your original state when you go back."

Xia Ge didn't say anything.

The system said, "You have to find that river."

"Okay," Xia Ge looked at Dou Dou.

Dou Dou seemed to have something on her mind, and her hands were a bit uneasy behind her back. But when she saw Xia Ge looking at her, she would show a warm smile.

"Is sister looking at me?" She floated over and asked quietly.

Dou Dou stared at Xia Ge's delicate eyelashes, snow-white skin, and small earlobes, feeling a little restless.

She wanted to... give her a kiss.

Xia Ge responded with an "uh-huh" and teased her, "Yes."

Dou Dou felt her face turn red, although she couldn't see it herself, she was very excited. If she had a heart, it would definitely be beating rapidly.
She liked this person and wanted to be with him forever... just like how the father god once said to the mother goddess, to always be together.

But who was her sister? She only knew her name, but didn't know where she came from or where she was going.

If she asked... would she answer?

"Sister." Dou Dou heard herself ask softly, "Where were you going before you met me?"

"Hmm?" Xia Ge paused, originally wanting to say "I don't know." But looking at Dou Dou's expectant and puzzled eyes, the "I don't know" got stuck in her throat. After a while, she said, "I was originally looking for, um, a river."

Actually, it wasn't like that. Crushing the teleportation stone was just to escape Chu Yi's control, and she didn't plan to go to Evil Spirit Mountain... the teleportation stone didn't send her there either.

She came here through the River of Time in a daze, which was even more unexpected.

So where did the teleportation stone actually send her to?

"River?" Dou Dou asked.

Xia Ge gathered her thoughts and put on a mysterious expression, "I'm looking for a magical river."

"Magical?"

"Someone said that if you cross this river, you can cross through time and go directly to five hundred years later." Xia Ge said, "Doesn't it sound amazing? Very magical?"

It's also a bit of a bullshit.

"Very amazing..." Dou Dou said, "But why do you want to go five hundred years later?"

Xia Ge looked a little melancholy as she looked at her shortening nails, "Maybe I'm just bored."

Thinking of her senior sister at Evil Spirit Mountain, Xia Ge became even more melancholy.

Her senior sister had worked so hard to raise her, but now that she had grown up, what would happen?

"Sister is lying." Dou Dou was dissatisfied.

"Okay." Xia Ge thought for a moment and joked, "Maybe it's because the person I like is there in five hundred years?"
Doudou was taken aback.

In an instant, she felt very sad.

A little black air emerged, but she struggled to suppress it. "… A person you like?"

"Well," Xia Ge was a little distracted and didn't notice Doudou's discomfort. "Maybe it's a crush."

Xia Ge murmured to herself, "Actually, I don't know if it's really a crush, but these days, I've been thinking about the difference between being with one person and two people, between a man and a woman."

What would it be like to be close to her skin, to kiss her, to love her?

As Xia Ge thought about it, she felt a little embarrassed.

"I… I don't know if I like her or not, but I…"

Xia Ge felt like she was stumbling over her words, so she stopped and looked a little distressed.

She took out the doll that was taken by Chu Yi and then taken back by her from the ring.

The doll's smile was bright, always so happy, without a trace of worry.

"Sometimes I don't really understand," Xia Ge said, clutching the doll. "So I tolerate myself stepping back step by step – but I also know that I can't step back too far. I have to give myself room to reach out and grab her."

"… I'm a little afraid that I'll regret it."

Xia Ge, who never regretted anything, left herself room for regret for the first time.

Doudou looked at Xia Ge.

She seemed a little distressed, but also a little sad. However, deep in her eyes, she was missing someone's tenderness.

Doudou knew, this was love.

Like her, but also different from her.

It was love, but it was pure, without any desire.

She felt a little sour in her heart.

"Xia Jiejie," Doudou suddenly spoke up.
Xia Ge glanced at her.

"If there's no going back anymore," Dou Dou said, "then just move forward."

Xia Ge was slightly taken aback, and after a moment, she smiled and softly replied, "Mm."

If she were to go back.

Then she would give it a try.

The bright moon hung high in the sky, and the system heard Xia Ge say, "I have to go back."

That night, Xia Ge slept soundly.

Dou Dou hid in the shadows, surrounded by a dark aura. She looked at her own hand, which was oozing with black transparency.

... Sister, she likes someone.

But she also likes her.

Unable to let go of her obsession and unable to obtain what she desires, she is becoming a fallen spirit.

... I can't let my sister know.

The sound of rustling came, and Dou Dou suddenly withdrew her hand, glancing towards a certain direction.

An old peach tree stood among a group of miscellaneous trees, looking very natural.

Dou Dou squinted her eyes, and the black aura began to swirl around her.

The old peach tree trembled in fear.

"Shh," Dou Dou said, "don't wake her up, or else I'll chop you down and use you as firewood."

The old peach tree said, "No, no, no... I don't mean any harm, it's just that..."

The old peach tree extended a branch and pointed at Xia Ge, whispering, "I have something to tell you about that person."

Dou Dou said, "Mm?"

And then the old peach tree left.
Doudou gazed at the sleeping girl not far away, who was sleeping deeply with her eyes closed, and slightly clenched her fists. ◇
