The Xiaolongbao from Jinjiang really works to replenish blood.

After eating it, Xia Ge felt as if he had been injected with chicken blood when he woke up.

So when Gu Peiju came in with breakfast, she saw the teenager who should have been resting in bed already sitting on the edge of the bed with a blanket draped over him, barefoot and looking bored.

"Good morning, Senior Sister."

Xia Ge smiled, "It's another day full of energy."

Hmm, what? Hold hands? Ah, he's getting older, it's better not to think too much about certain things. Senior Sister didn't say anything... let's just pretend it didn't happen.

Gu Peiju had changed into a new Danfengsu outfit. She glanced at Xia Ge's snow-white feet, which couldn't reach the floor because his legs were too short, and hesitated for a moment. "Put on some socks."

Xia Ge looked wronged, "My socks were taken away by Sister Bixi yesterday, I have nothing to wear... she even wanted to take off my pants!"

Socks were not a problem, but his pants definitely couldn't be taken off. Fortunately, Bixi didn't really want to take them off and just gave Xia Ge a disdainful look before taking the socks away.

Gu Peiju said, "...she should have prepared clean clothes for you."

"No, no, no!" Xia Ge denied it.

Just as Xia Ge finished speaking, Bixi came in with a sour face and placed a clean linen robe on Xia Ge's bed. "Miss had them modify a set of outer disciple clothes for you two days ago, and they were only delivered today."

"Thank you." Xia Ge smiled, "Thank you, Sister."

"You should thank Miss." Bixi said.

"Thank you, Senior Sister." Xia Ge was quick to oblige.

Bixi didn't say anything else, and Gu Peiju said, "Bixi, you can leave first."

"Yes."

After Bixi left, Xia Ge held the clothes and looked at her with shining eyes. "Senior Sister, you're really nice."

Gu Peiju's voice was light, "Did the pain go away so quickly after you got up?"

"I recover quickly." Xia Ge grinned, "It doesn't hurt anymore."

Gu Peiju frowned slightly, "Even if it doesn't hurt, don't move around recklessly."
"Oh..." Xia Ge thought for a moment. "Senior Sister, has Senior Brother Ye gone to Jianfeng?"

"He has." Gu Peiju said, "He originally wanted to come see you, but the transfer procedures are complicated, so he probably couldn't find the time."

"Oh," Xia Ge said, "I see."

The girl's red and white maple dress was clean and tidy, and yesterday's blood-stained clothes seemed like a dream.

-"You should rest."

-"A disciple of Danfeng, without trust, cannot stand."

Xia Ge tightened her hand slightly and pursed her lips. "Senior Sister."

"Yes?"

"I'm going to the back mountain." Xia Ge looked at her. "Punish me."

Gu Peiju looked at her, her brows and eyes cold. "Just like that?"

Xia Ge said, "And... that jade is not an heirloom, it's a farewell gift I planned to give to Senior Brother Ye."

Just as Xia Ge was about to say something else, she saw Gu Peiju take out the jade that she was extremely familiar with from her sleeve.

The ghost dragon jade, with its right corner missing and its dragon shape ferocious, was extremely familiar to Xia Ge.

"What else?" Gu Peiju pulled up a chair and sat down, her movements casual, as if she was ready for a long talk. The jade in her hand was shining with a warm light. "Why are you going to the back mountain?"

Xia Ge hesitated. "..."

You're breaking the rules.

"I'm... going to dig up the glass wood." Xia Ge slumped. Alright, let's just confess everything.

"What about the injuries on your body?" Gu Peiju raised an eyebrow slightly.

The boy in the clothes didn't answer this time. He lowered his head, grabbed the bedsheet, and remained silent.

"Why aren't you talking?" Gu Peiju's voice was faint.
"You said that without trust, one cannot succeed...I don't want to lie to you." Xia Ge's voice was low. "So...let's not talk about it."

The morning light was faint.

With her head down, Xia Ge saw a hand in front of her.

The five fingers were slender and fair as snow. The thumb held a piece of dragon jade with a missing corner in the palm of the hand. Xia Ge stared at the hand and for a moment, she couldn't tell if the beauty was in the jade or the hand.

She paused for two seconds before looking up at the other person.

The girl in the red and white maple dress had a clear and cold gaze. "Take it."

Xia Ge slightly pursed her lips and didn't move to take it.

"The wound is on you." Gu Peiju's voice was indifferent. "It doesn't matter if you don't say it. It has nothing to do with me."

"Take it, and recite the Dan Training thirty times at the Siguoge."

Only then did Xia Ge reach out and take the jade.

The boy's hand was small, just like his thin and fragile body. He slowly took the jade from her hand, and the rounded fingertips brushed against her palm, causing an itchy sensation.

"Thank you..."

"No need to thank me." Gu Peiju calmly took back her hand and said, "As I said, Ye Ze has gone to the Sword Peak. If you want to find him, you'll probably have to go up there yourself."

The cold feeling in her palm lingered.

This child's hand was still cold.

"It's okay, Senior Sister. I can go find him now!" Xia Ge said, and was about to jump off the bed barefooted, but her shoulder was pressed down.

The sandalwood on the girl's body was cool and refreshing.

"Stay here," she said lightly. "It's time to eat."

So thin.

Xia Ge held the Ghost Dragon Jade and looked eagerly at the steamed buns placed on the table. "Thank you, Senior Sister...I will definitely recite the Dan Training well!"

After finishing breakfast and changing clothes, Xia Ge pushed open the door and immediately felt the long-lost sunshine.
She looked at the dragon jade in her hand and bid farewell to her senior sister with deep affection before happily descending the mountain.

Bixi looked worriedly at the boy leaving the mountain. Although she didn't like him much, she had to admit that his injuries were severe. What if something happened to him?

Bixi hesitated before speaking up, "Miss..."

"He doesn't even care about himself," Gu Peiju coldly glanced at her, "What are you worried about?"

Bixi fell silent.

She wasn't really worried, but...

Before, didn't Miss seem more concerned?

Gu Peiju returned to her room and suddenly something light fell from her sleeve. She realized it was the green hair tie of the boy with a missing corner that she found on the back mountain.

It was supposed to be given to him along with the ghost dragon jade, but for some reason, it fell out.

The emerald hair tie fell on her snow-white boots, contrasting sharply, like the boy's smile, brilliant and bright.

Gu Peiju picked up the hair tie and wound it around her fingers, the new green color like the fresh buds of spring willow, bright and vibrant.

She tightened the hair tie in her palm and fell silent.

==

Xia Ge happily descended the mountain with the ghost dragon jade. The effect of the Jinjiang bun was extraordinary, and she felt full of energy, without the weakness that should have followed a serious injury.

However, she still had to be careful not to strain her abdominal injury, or it would hurt.

She went to the carpenter's shop in the village first, without making any fancy glass wooden boxes, just a simple black wooden box.

System: "..." Why didn't she do it earlier?

Making a small box was simple and wouldn't take long. While she had time, Xia Ge went to buy some golden silk from Aunt Zhang's cloth shop. She didn't know if it was an illusion, but whether she was making a box or buying silk, everyone looked at her strangely.

...Fanaticism? Curiosity? Or...something else?

In any case, her inexplicable popularity was one hundred percent.
"Hey, look over there..."

"Is that Xia Wuyin?"

"..."

Xia Ge felt goosebumps all over her body as she sensed them discussing something behind her back. However, she didn't want to ask too much. At that moment, she missed Ye Ze very much.

If Ye Ze were here, he would definitely tease her and then arrogantly reveal everything she wanted to know.

Sigh, she didn't really have any friends.

The only one she could drink with and chat with was gone.

System: "I'm just saying, why don't you go to Sword Peak with him? You know the plot..."

Xia Ge: "...Little puppet."

System: "Hmm?"

Xia Ge lamented: "Can you bear to let your host circle Lingxi Peak thirty times under the scorching sun? Can you bear to let your host stay up all night holding a sword to patrol the three peaks until three in the morning every day? Can you bear it? "

System: "..." I don't mind at all. I think it's good for you to go through some experiences.

Xia Ge's face was expressionless: "I know you can bear it, but I'm not stupid."

She went to the carpenter's place and got a box, then carefully cut the cloth into two pieces. She placed one piece in the box and put the Ghost Dragon Jade in it. Then she tied the other half into a simple knot outside the box.

"Ah, it's exquisite." Xia Ge touched her chin and was very satisfied with her craftsmanship. "Although there is no glasswood box, this is also pretty good, right? The gift is light but the sentiment is heavy, isn't it?"

The system decided not to express any opinion: "When do you plan to give it to him?"

Xia Ge looked at the sky and it was only noon. "I often go to Beast Peak, but I haven't been to Sword Peak yet."

As for why she didn't go...

Well.

The boys and girls on Sword Peak have a stronger gunpowder scent and more hostility. For the sake of her safety, she rarely sets foot there.

After putting the box in the ring, Xia Ge thought for a moment, "I don't know where Ye Ze was assigned to on Sword Peak... I'll go check the situation at night. I'll go to the Confession Hall first to check something and copy the Dan training thirty times while I'm at it."
Xia Ge touched the wound on her stomach that had been wrapped up, thirty times. It was obvious that her senior sister was going easy on her.

As she left, unable to bear the strange looks from people around her, Xia Ge took a shortcut to the Repentance Pavilion.

Although the Repentance Pavilion was a place for reflection, there were also many books. The Dan Peak had many poor disciples and rarely made mistakes. If a disciple from another peak made a mistake, they would rarely be punished by being sent to the Repentance Pavilion to copy books. For example, if a disciple from the Sword Peak made a mistake, the teacher would punish them by running around the Three Peaks a hundred times. If a disciple from the Beast Peak made a mistake, they would probably be punished by making their summoned beast run a hundred laps. Xia Ge had read in books before that for Beast Peak disciples, having their summoned beasts punished was more heartbreaking than being punished themselves.

Of course, there were some odd teachers who would punish their disciples by making them copy books in the Repentance Pavilion.

Actually, when it came down to it, Xia Ge, a Dan Peak disciple who was always up to no good, had taken over half of the Repentance Pavilion.

The Repentance Pavilion was built into the mountain and faced the rising sun, which was where Xia Ge often copied books. There was no sign of the previous chaos caused by the attack of the clothes demon, and the pear wood desks were neatly arranged. A few steps further in was the wooden door to the book depository.

Xia Ge entered the Repentance Pavilion and touched her identity jade pendant, inserting it into a groove on the side of the door. It fit perfectly.

The wooden door slowly rose up, and the study carved into the mountain quietly opened its mouth. Xia Ge went in with ease, and the wooden door slowly closed behind her. The dark passage was lit by candlelight on the stone walls, but it wasn't very dark.

"Every time I enter this door, I feel like I'm entering a super cool secret passage, as if I'll find a treasure chest that will make me rich overnight at the end," Xia Ge rubbed her chin and sighed as she walked to the end, looking at the rows of bookshelves. "Unfortunately, reality is always harsh."

The system was silent for a while before saying, "There is a golden house in books."

"A golden house?" Xia Ge said, "It doesn't exist."

The system replied, "So why are you here to search for something?"

Xia Ge walked to the bookshelf labeled "History" and looked at the thick scrolls lined up, with a faint smile on her lips.

"I'm here to find clues about the Town Spirit."

There was no golden house, but perhaps she could find something like Yan Ruyu.

For example, someone like Lingxi Patriarch.
