The pitch-black spirit on the girl's body suddenly turned pale, and the white cloud pattern on her robe that was originally reflected turned into a crimson blood-red amaryllis, with white and red intertwined and floating leaves. The girl's momentum suddenly changed.

It was the ultimate white and brilliant red, emanating a gloomy atmosphere.

Like an envoy from the underworld, spreading death and sorrow all over the world.

She slowly turned around.

Su Chan stood in place, the amaryllis on her oiled paper umbrella was bright red and dazzling. The broken flower branches on the ground slowly withered in the rain.

The girl looked at her, her pitch-black eyes were as red as blood, without any ripples or fluctuations inside, and there was no vitality around her, like a dead person who had stepped into the yellow springs, or a ruthless killing machine.

Su Chan smiled slightly and asked her softly.

"Is it because you are missing a sword?"

Xia Ge looked at her, her red eyes were bright, and her face was cold and ruthless.

Su Chan put away her umbrella and walked step by step towards her.

Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly, and in the next moment, like a sensitive wild beast, she leaped up, crossed in the air, and then suddenly stretched out her claws towards Su Chan!

The five fingers drew a cold arc in the air, directly aiming for Su Chan's throat!

Su Chan didn't care, the curve of her mouth could even be described as gentle. She raised her head and looked at her, as if watching a child who occasionally lost her temper and lost her reason.

As if sensing the danger, the white-clothed Xia Ge suddenly withdrew her hand before she touched Su Chan, and then launched the Ghost Shadow Vanish technique, disappearing in the opposite direction.

The rainwater withered away.

Su Chan stood still, still hearing the girl's gentle voice in her mind, "Senior Sister."

The curse from Xia Wushuang's soul.

Only then did she know what Xia Wushuang really wanted.

"It doesn't matter."

She muttered to herself.

"…Being able to be here is already fortunate enough."
Su Chan smiled lightly and his finger slightly hooked, as if hooking a line. In the next moment, a white-clad girl entwined with Higanbana vines fell from the sky. Just before she was about to hit the ground hard, Su Chan gently held her in his arms. She struggled desperately, her unbound hands reaching out to strangle Su Chan's neck. However, Su Chan held her with one hand and her blood-red eyes stared at him with bloodthirsty and murderous intent.

"Get out!" she roared like a wild beast that had lost its mind. Su Chan looked at her with gentle and pitying eyes. This was the curse of heaven's will. Even if one reincarnated, they could not escape their fate. Back then, Xia Wushuang was born to suppress the evil spirit for the sake of the world, but the curse of heaven's will created a calamity. One soul, two clothes, one was the Buddha who saved the world, and the other was the evil that destroyed humanity. The flower bloomed on two faces, and life was between Buddha and demon. The curse had been hidden due to the injury caused by the summoning of White Dream Acupoint and the suppression of someone, but with the appearance of the soul suppressor, one soul was born into two, and they mutually generated and overcame each other. Since the soul suppressor appeared and recognized its master, the stronger the master of the soul suppressor, the stronger the calamity would be. Su Chan gently comforted her, "Don't kill anyone, come back with me." "Be good." If the master of the soul suppressor wasn't Xia Ge, or rather, if it wasn't Xia Wushuang, then the calamity would be the calamity, and the soul suppressor would be the soul suppressor.
But if the master of the town spirit is Xia Ge.

From the same source, the town spirit is the calamity, and the calamity is the town spirit.

The moment she knew that Xia Ge, who got the town spirit, was Xia Wu Shuang, she knew that this was a dead end with no solution.

The remaining leaves fluttered down.

Su Chan held the unconscious Xia Ge in her arms, and the black umbrella with the totem of the other shore flower gently fell. She was barefoot, with long eyelashes, and her black pupils were gentle.

"I haven't seen you like this for a long time." She whispered softly, "...you are still so beautiful."

This person rescued her from the dark and hopeless prison and became her only follower after the gods fell.

Therefore, the curse of the heavens was added, and one soul brought calamity.

In this life, to save one person, one must slaughter one person.

Entangled life after life.

She has seen her killing.

It was the other shore flower that bloomed among the thousands of evil spirits under the cold moon, with blood-stained swords and blood-red eyes, unheard of wailing, only the desire to kill-

Inhuman, cold-blooded killing machine.

Xiangsi cautiously drilled out of her sleeve and tentatively stretched her head outside the sleeve. Seeing that the blood-stained spring and autumn did not stop her, she was overjoyed. She rolled into a ball and rushed towards Xia Ge with a "whoosh".

At the moment when he was about to touch Xia Ge, Xia Ge's tightly closed eyes suddenly opened, and his blood-colored pupils were cold and ruthless. The pale white clothes suddenly lit up with dazzling white light, and Xiangsi, who was unprepared, was torn into pieces by the white light!

When Xiangsi turned into debris and fell on the ground, it was still very confused and didn't know what had happened.

Xia Ge, who opened his eyes, stared at Su Chan fiercely with a pair of bloody eyes.

Xiangsi tried hard to piece herself together, and then wrapped around Su Chan's bare ankle, shrinking her head and looking at the girl in her arms, feeling a little trembling.

"She doesn't recognize you anymore." Su Chan didn't care about Xia Ge's gaze, comforted Xiangsi, and then asked her.

"Do you still recognize me?"

Xia Ge stared at her, with nothing in her eyes except killing intent.
"Beautiful."

Su Chan sighed softly, "But what I love, I must return to my heart."

She gently pressed her index finger on the girl's forehead, her voice gentle.

"This time."

"For the sake of the people, I will come to slaughter."

= =

In the previous life.

After Chu Shi left, Xia Wushuang was leisurely and named the little girl in red clothes.

Su Chan.

Because of her surname, she liked to wave a bunch of purple perilla around, and waited for Xia Ge to come out of the house to play with her every day.

Xia Ge was also interested and occasionally taught her how to speak. The little girl learned slowly and stuttered, but Xia Wushuang was never impatient and taught her slowly whenever she had time.

She would come out alone in the middle of the night, run to the edge of the cliff, quietly play the flute for a while, and then stare at the starry sky in a daze.

Gu Peijiu followed behind her, always feeling like she had to say something, but didn't know what to say.

For example... Su Chan had actually been able to speak for a long time.

Not only could she speak, but she spoke fluently. At least, she could express how to break the puppet's arm without using force.

She said it with a smile.

But...

"I think she actually knew that Su Chan could speak a long time ago." Dou Dou's voice was clear, "She just didn't care."

Gu Peijiu looked at the back of the person playing the flute and felt a little heartbroken.

The melodious flute sound stopped.

The night was quiet, and there was a light chirping of cicadas.
Gu Peijiu heard herself say, "Master..."

The young girl turned her head.

Her voice suddenly stopped.

The fine water in the girl's eyes rippled slightly, reflecting the countless stars in the night sky, so beautiful that it made one forget to breathe.

In that moment, in Gu Peijiu's blank mind, there was only one poem that this person had taught Su Chan during the day.

- The dangerous tower is a hundred feet high, but the hand can pluck the stars.

Gu Peijiu was stunned.

Xia Wushuang threw herself into her arms, covering her eyes. Suddenly, everything turned black, but she did not feel panicked, only feeling the hot tears wetting her clothes.

"...Wuyin."

The night wind was quiet.

In the wind, the fragrance of purple perilla blew.

The girl in red hid behind the mountain cliff, her joy fading away, her narrow eyes flickering with the cold light of the moon.

This peaceful period did not last long.

Before dealing with external threats, under the iron-fisted methods of the Regent Chu Huaiwang, the domestic politics became clear. Then, Chu Shi controlled the military power and attacked the barbarians.

However, the heavy tax burden and several years of disasters from the previous Chu King, the incompetent governance and the extravagance and waste of the large-scale construction, almost emptied the country. The national treasury was already empty, and even feeding the people was a problem, let alone sending troops to fight.

One sunny noon.

Xia Wushuang received a letter from Chu Huaiwang.

"What does it say?"

The barefooted girl pushed Gu Peijiu aside, tugged at Xia Wushuang's sleeve, and stood on her tiptoes to look. "Let me see."

Xia Wushuang smiled. "You're the most impatient."

Then she held the letter up high and raised her eyebrows. "I won't show you."
Su Chan: "I'm crying."

Gu Peijiu squinted her eyes.

Xia Wushuang pinched her face, "You're much older than me, stop acting cute."

Su Chan: "..."

Gu Peijiu's lips curled slightly.

Xia Ge was also in a good mood, she opened the letter, "A Shi hasn't sent me a letter in a long time, I heard that the political situation has stabilized a lot."

She sighed.

"It's really not easy to be a leader of the central government."

The content of the letter was very simple, almost devoid of any emotion.

But between the lines, there was a sense of decisiveness.

"What does the letter say?" Gu Peijiu heard her own voice.

Xia Wushuang looked at the letter, the joy on her face gradually fading, "There's going to be a war."

Chu Shi wanted to reclaim the territory occupied by the barbarians... but there wasn't enough military funding or manpower.

So she hoped that Xia Ge could provide her with puppet soldiers.

The handwriting in the letter was strong and decisive.

Gu Peijiu glanced at it and frowned slightly.

"What does it have to do with you that she's going to war?" Su Chan sneered, "It's not your business even if she dies, you've already changed her fate."

"Ah Chan." Xia Wushuang pinched her face again.

Su Chan let her do it, her voice a little angry, "You're going to make puppet soldiers for her?"

Xia Wushuang paused for a moment, then "Hmm"ed, "It's not a big deal."

"This is not fair!" Su Chan said, "She doesn't even like you, why do you want to help her?"


Xia Wushuang pinched her face again, smiling, "Who said she doesn't like me."

"If she liked you, she wouldn't have abandoned you!" Su Chan was a little angry and pulled her hand away. "If it were me, I..."

She couldn't finish her sentence and simply said, "She still made you sad! You were sad when you read the letter just now! You can't fool me!"

"Okay, okay, then I won't help her anymore." Xia Wushuang threw the letter on the table. "Satisfied, Miss Su?"

"...That's about right. Hey, where are you going? Are you going down the mountain?"

"Yeah, to find some materials to make puppets."

"You said you wouldn't make them anymore!"

"I said I wouldn't help her, not that I wouldn't make puppets." Xia Wushuang played dumb and didn't change her expression. "You see, there are so many separations and farewells in this world, and so many people who are attached to the mortal world. Making a few puppets can help them resolve their obsessions, and everyone is happy and saves food. Isn't that great?"

"You just want to help her!"

"Nonsense." Xia Wushuang smirked. "This time, big sister is going to the mountain with the pure intention of saving the world!"

Then she muttered to herself, "Those barbarians are so annoying. Since there are so many of them and they don't eat food, it's not a bad idea to fight them along the way."

"I didn't help her," she added as a disclaimer.

Su Chan was fuming.

Gu Peijiu smiled slightly from behind, and when Su Chan saw her, she glared at her fiercely and walked away in a huff.

Xia Ge sighed, "In the book, the god of fortune is peerless in beauty and elegance, every smile and frown outshines others. But now, this mischievous look really takes people by surprise."

Gu Peijiu was silent for a while before commenting reservedly, "... She is a bit childish."

"Yeah, it's normal." Xia Wushuang looked at Su Chan's retreating figure and shook her head. "When a fallen deity loses half of their divinity, they may take on the appearance of a child and lose some of their mental faculties, behaving like a child."

"I hope she can change back soon." She took the letter and smiled again. "If she becomes a lucky god worshipped by the people, maybe I'll really hang a picture of Achang at my door to bring in wealth."

"..." Gu Peijiu was speechless.
