Chapter 185: Twin Souls

在炼药师公会的议事厅内，一位老者正端坐在主席台上，看着下面的众人。

In the conference hall of the Alchemist Guild, an old man was sitting on the chairman's podium, looking at the people below.

他的目光落在了一个年轻的炼药师身上，这个炼药师名叫林风，是炼药师公会的会员之一。

His gaze fell on a young alchemist, named Lin Feng, who was a member of the Alchemist Guild.

“林风，你的炼药技艺越来越高超了，你的药方也越来越受到大家的认可。我听说你最近研制出了一种新的药方，是真的吗？”老者问道。

"Lin Feng, your alchemy skills are becoming more and more advanced, and your prescriptions are also gaining recognition from everyone. I heard that you recently developed a new prescription, is that true?" The old man asked.

林风微微一笑，点了点头：“是的，这个药方是我最近研制的，我相信它一定会对大家有所帮助。”

Lin Feng smiled slightly and nodded, "Yes, this prescription is one I recently developed. I believe it will definitely be helpful to everyone."

“好，既然你有这样的信心，那就请你在下一次的炼药大会上展示一下这个药方吧。”老者说道。

"Good, since you have such confidence, please demonstrate this prescription at the next alchemy convention," the old man said.

林风点了点头，表示同意。

Lin Feng nodded in agreement.

会议结束后，林风回到自己的住处，开始准备下一次炼药大会的展示。

After the meeting, Lin Feng returned to his residence and began preparing for the next alchemy convention demonstration.

他打开了自己的药材库，准备开始炼制这种新的药物。

He opened his herb cabinet and prepared to begin refining this new medicine.

几个小时后，他终于炼制出了这种新的药物，他将药物放入一个小瓶子中，然后准备出门。

After several hours, he finally refined this new medicine. He put the medicine in a small bottle and prepared to leave.

但是就在这个时候，他突然感觉到了一股强大的力量从他的身体中涌出来，他的眼前一黑，就晕了过去。

But at this moment, he suddenly felt a powerful force surging out of his body. His vision went black and he fainted.

当他醒来的时候，他发现自己已经来到了一个陌生的地方，他的身体感觉异常的轻盈，他的精神状态也异常的好。

When he woke up, he found himself in a strange place. His body felt unusually light, and his mental state was unusually good.

他环顾四周，发现自己正处于一个神秘的空间之中。

He looked around and found himself in a mysterious space.

就在这个时候，他突然感觉到了一股熟悉的力量从自己的身体中涌出来，他的身体开始发生变化。

At this moment, he suddenly felt a familiar force surging out of his body, and his body began to change.

他的身体开始分裂，分成了两个完全一样的身体，每一个身体都拥有着他的全部记忆和能力。

His body began to split into two identical bodies, each with all his memories and abilities.

林风惊讶地发现，他的灵魂竟然分裂成了两个，他的一魂分裂成了两个一模一样的魂体，他的一魂竟然变成了双魂。

Lin Feng was surprised to find that his soul had split into two. His first soul had split into two identical soul bodies, and his first soul had become a twin soul.

他的双魂之间可以相互交流，可以互相帮助，他的炼药技艺也因此得到了极大的提升。

His twin souls could communicate with each other and help each other. His alchemy skills had also greatly improved as a result.

从此以后，林风的炼药技艺更加高超，他的名气也更加响亮，他成为了炼药师公会中的一位传奇人物。