——"Although the road is a bit tough, eat a candy, and we still have to keep going."

At that time, in a dream in the White Dream Cave, her brother's words were gentle yet helpless.

As if the sweet fragrance of cherry blossom candy was lingering between their lips.

Chu Yi was slightly distracted, and after a while, she smiled lightly and said, "What you said is similar to what someone else said."

Ye Ze didn't say anything else.

When he saw Chu Yi slowly regain her energy, he handed her a handkerchief and said in a muffled voice, "Someone told me this before."

The juice of the cherry was all over her hands, and Chu Yi took the handkerchief and carefully wiped her fair fingers clean.

Of course, she knew who Ye Ze was referring to.

... Her brother was so good.

There were really so many people who liked him.

Chu Yi lowered her eyelashes slightly, and her thick, butterfly-like eyelashes covered the darkness deep in her eyes. She smiled and said, "Then he must be a very good person."

"Well." Ye Ze paused for a moment, and when he saw that Chu Yi's emotions seemed to have calmed down, he said, "I am not your brother."

Chu Yi looked at the boy not far away who was surrounded by stars and said, "... It doesn't matter if you are or not."

Ye Ze was taken aback.

"Someone thinks you are." She tilted her head slightly, glanced at the ghost dragon jade that was missing a corner around his waist, her black eyes slightly smiling. No one could see the icy coldness flowing in the depths of her pupils. "And that someone is me."

Ye Ze: "... Who?"

Chu Yi instantly regained her coldness, blinked her eyes and said, "It's me."

Ye Ze: "..."

"I think you are."

"So you are."

For some reason, the reason that sounded like a joke made Ye Ze feel relieved.
At least she knew he wasn't her brother.

Children of the Ye family cannot deceive others at will.

Chu Yi put down her handkerchief and said casually, "A long, long time ago...I met someone who looked a lot like you."

"Your brother?" Ye Ze asked.

"Yeah," Chu Yi said. "I really liked her."

"Very, very much."

In the bustling crowd, at this grand promotion banquet, everyone was praising her brother.

Chu Yi looked at Xia Ge not far away and thought that she should be happy for her.

But she couldn't help feeling jealous.

"Where is he now?" Ye Ze asked.

"I don't know," Chu Yi said, looking at Xia Ge, who was tugging on Gu Peijiu's clothes. "I don't know...where she went."

"I looked for her for a long time."

"I...finally found her."

Chu Yi murmured, "But she is, and yet she isn't."

Why is that?

Ye Ze thought Chu Yi was talking about him not wanting to admit it and felt a little embarrassed for a moment. He sighed in his heart, thinking that Chu Yi had come to her senses, but it seemed not to be the case.

After a while, he could only say, "It will pass."

Will it pass?

Chu Yi thought it probably would.

But does she have the patience to wait it out?
After saying those words, Ye Ze stopped talking and just looked at Xia Ge not far away. He also thought of the words Li Liu said yesterday, and his face became a little pale.

He didn't know what to do...and where did he have the mind to care about others?

If it was Xia Wu Yin...

If it was him...

Ye Ze suddenly clenched his fists and smiled self-deprecatingly.

The young master of the Ye family was really spoiled.

Although he had experienced so much, he could still be like a morning glory, without any opinion.

Although Xia Wu Yin had experienced the same hardships with him, she had never experienced his hatred of his family being wiped out.

What should he do?

-"Hey, Ye Junior Brother, did you pass by the mountain prison on Jianfeng during your patrol?"

-"...Yeah."

-"It looks heavily guarded."

-"Yeah."

-"Yesterday, I patrolled there and a guard was drunk. Do you know what he said to me?"

-"..."

-"..."

Ye Ze suddenly closed his eyes and locked his thoughts in a pitch-black darkness.

What did he say?

That the culprit who killed more than 200 people in his Ye family was inside?

The former leader of the Demon Cult... Qin Yue.

Qin Yue!!!
Gu Peijiu just looked at her without saying a word.

Xia Ge pulled on Gu Peijiu's sleeve, trying to act pitiful. "Senior Sister, I just woke up from being drunk and as soon as I regained consciousness, I saw your beautiful face. I couldn't control myself..."

Gu Peijiu remained silent.

Xia Ge's voice became smaller. "I couldn't control myself, so I pretended to be drunk... Um, don't you think I'm super cute?"

Su Chan remained silent.

The system mocked her with a cold voice. "I didn't notice that you were super cute, but your thick skin is increasing day by day."

Xia Ge ignored the system's sarcasm and just looked at Gu Peijiu.

Gu Peijiu remained silent for a while.

Half a moment.

"Who gave it to you?"

Xia Ge remained silent.

...What?

The system reminded her with a mix of dignity, goodwill, and schadenfreude. "Your senior sister is asking who gave you the love letter."

Su Chan narrowed her eyes slightly and covered her mouth. "It seems that I can't listen anymore."

However, despite what she said, she remained motionless like a pillar.

Xia Ge remained silent.

If you can't listen anymore, then why don't you leave?! You're curious too, aren't you?!

But Gu Peijiu seemed completely indifferent to being watched and just stared at Xia Ge, persistently waiting for an answer.

Xia Ge thickened her skin and tried to brush it off. "...It's just... who else could it be? Someone who admires me."

Gu Peijiu pursed her lips.
Su Chan was wearing Mao Qing's skin and feeling a bit reckless. "Oh?"

Xia Ge replied, "I didn't see it, I threw it away."

Su Chan chuckled lightly, "That's too bad."

Xia Ge began to pledge her loyalty to Gu Peiju, "I'm not regretful at all. I'm still young, and love and romance are not suitable for me. Whoever likes me will have bad luck. I wouldn't even look at them."

"Don't worry, senior sister! I will never have an early romance! Never!"

Gu Peiju remained silent.

The girl in the Danfeng plain clothes said nothing and pulled away from Xia Ge's grasp, her face as calm as water as she left with a flick of her sleeve.

The exquisite embroidery of the Danfeng sleeves traced a beautiful arc in the air as Gu Peiju passed through the crowd and left the Danfeng Hall.

"Whoever likes me will have bad luck. I wouldn't even look at them."

Xia Ge stood there, bewildered for a moment. She instinctively looked at her empty hand and then at Gu Peiju's departing figure. She didn't know why her senior sister was angry, but she didn't dare to follow her.

She asked, "Senior sister... What's wrong?"

Su Chan smiled, and this time her smile reached her eyes, carrying a hint of schadenfreude.

How interesting.

She casually said, "Who knows?"

Seeing the boy's bewildered cat eyes and his hesitation to follow, Su Chan suddenly felt that she couldn't be happy.

After a moment, she thought,

If she was too indifferent, it wouldn't be good either. After all, Mao Qing was a passionate girl. If she was too fake, Xia Xia might look foolish now, but she wasn't foolish in general. Moreover, she seemed to be suspicious of her identity. If she came to her senses and thought about it, she might not try to probe her again, and she might really be exposed.

Although it didn't matter if she was exposed, it was still a pity to lose so much fun for no reason.

After a pause, she smiled and said, "Maybe she's angry because she put in so much effort, but it turned out that no one even looked at her."

Xia Ge suddenly realized, "Ah, that's not what I meant!"

What she meant was that she wouldn't have an early romance! She wouldn't accept love letters! She was a proper and upright good child!
Su Chan thought to herself, "Of course she understands what you meant."

That's why she's even more angry.

Xia Ge ran after her, leaving Gu Peiju behind. Many people surrounded her, trying to strike up a conversation. Xia Ge pretended to be crazy and fooled them, pretending she had to go to the bathroom, and ran out of the Dan Palace.

She had to explain everything to her senior sister!

Su Chan watched her leaving figure, and a deep shadow fell over her eyelids, shading her thick eyelashes.

Outside the Dan Palace, the mountain mist was elusive, with several maple trees and many blooming chrysanthemums. The sunlight couldn't penetrate the thick fog on the mountain, and the flowers were hazy in the mist, and people were blurry in the fog. However, Xia Ge saw Gu Peiju standing under a maple tree in the dense white fog at a glance.

As if they had a telepathic connection.

If she was there, Xia Ge knew she was there.

Xia Ge paused and walked over to stand beside her. Gu Peiju didn't look at her or say anything.

Xia Ge thought that her senior sister was always taciturn and never told her what she was thinking, so she never knew what her senior sister was thinking.

There are people who like to talk big and make big promises, but in action, their promises turn out to be empty, and their big talk turns into nothing. However... her senior sister is completely the opposite.

Her senior sister always keeps her thoughts hidden deep.

However, she's always very gentle.

From the hair tie made of lovesickness cut from the Tianzhu silk, to the umbrella tilted for her in a pouring rain, to the fox mask in the black market, to the doll she sent when she was sad and upset.

Her senior sister knew her secrets, but didn't react like most people would, just quietly waiting for her to speak up.

When everyone criticized her, she stood in front of her.

When the Evil Ghost Tide came, she silently left the Danfeng Sect Order to protect her from the Sword Peak Sect's harassment.

She knows everything, but doesn't say anything.

She's really good. Xia Ge thought, she's so good.

She doesn't want to make her sad or angry at all.
The Dan Palace is located at the top of Dan Peak. Although Dan Peak is not as high as Jian Peak, standing here, one can still see the rolling sea of clouds around the mountainside, and the dazzling sunlight refracting colorful clouds in the sea, which is very beautiful.

For some reason, as she and Gu Peijiu watched the rolling sea of clouds, Xia Ge felt that her desire to explain everything clearly, which had been urgent before, slowly calmed down.

...It's good to just stand here together.

She thought.

With a clear mind, everything seemed to be clear, and the calm Xia Ge didn't believe that her smart senior sister wouldn't understand her words.

Actually... there's no need to explain.

After a while, Xia Ge tried to break the silence, "Senior sister, what are you looking at?"

After a moment of silence, just when Xia Ge thought she wouldn't answer and was about to make up an excuse, Gu Peijiu suddenly said, "I'm looking at the clouds."

Xia Ge paused, about to say something.

Gu Peijiu extended her fair right hand and opened her palm, "And..."

Xia Ge took a closer look.

The red maple leaf that she had given her in the dawn was quietly lying in her palm, with clear veins and blood-red color, which set off the hand that was soft and white like jade.

Gu Peijiu's voice was shallow.

"Observe the mind."
