Jianfeng, martial arts field.

A young man dressed in black holds a wooden sword in one hand, his brows furrowed and his eyes cold as he practices his downward strikes. The movements are simple, but each strike is filled with a chilling intent that sends shivers down the spine, even in the scorching sun.

"Hey..."

Suddenly, someone taps him on the shoulder, and the young man's expression turns icy. In the next moment, he flips the wooden sword in his hand and stabs fiercely behind him!

"Bang!"

The other person was clearly prepared, casually blocking the deadly strike with their own wooden sword. Although the strike was stopped, the young man's hand still tingled from the impact. Li Liu, the other person, sighs and points to a lazy girl in blue not far away.

"Hey, it's me, Ye Ze. Lord Chu has something to ask of you."

Ye Ze recognizes him, relaxes his grip on the sword, and replies with a simple "Mm, thanks."

"Sure thing, go ahead."

Li Liu smiles and Ye Ze glances at him before turning to walk towards the girl in blue. When he reaches her, he bows respectfully.

"Lord Chu."

Chu Yao snorts and scrutinizes him from head to toe.

The boy has grown up a bit, hasn't he?

Chu Yao remembers her conversation with Xia Wuyin at the restaurant.

"It's actually a small matter, it's just that Ye Ze is my sworn brother. I heard that Jianfeng's senior disciple, Chang Lan, has arranged a temporary bodyguard team for you?"

"If it's not too much trouble... hehe."

"Reason?"

"Well, with a bodyguard team, you can become... stronger, right?"

In truth, the bodyguard team is not important at all. In Chu Yao's eyes, Chang Lan's actions are completely unnecessary. For a petty thief trying to steal keys, Chu Yao would simply beat them to death or have them fight each other. A bodyguard team is completely unnecessary.
However, she was only a backup disciple after all, and did not have the power to decide like the official peak leader, so even though the guard team was somewhat useless, it was still approved.

However, most of the disciples from Sword Peak came from good backgrounds, either rich or noble. The daily training at Sword Peak was exhausting, and few were willing to sign up for the guard team and patrol Sword Peak in the middle of the night. Therefore, the guard team was really lacking in people.

To be honest, no, in fact, it couldn't really train anything.

Chu Yao told Xia Wuyin this as well.

However, the other party's reaction was--

"Oh really? Hahaha, then it's a good opportunity to train your ability to stay up late hahaha... Anyway, just let him go."

Chu Yao: "..."

Whoever made him a sworn brother was really unlucky.

"Do you think he will agree to do such a thing?" Chu Yao asked him at the time.

"As long as it's for Miss Chu's benefit, I'll think for him and of course, he won't hesitate to do it!" Xia Wuyin paused, "But just in case, you should just directly name him."

Chu Yao: "..." This guy also knew that normal people wouldn't want to go.

Recalling the past, Chu Yao looked at the lean figure of the young man in front of her. He was carrying a wooden sword and wearing tight black clothes that covered him tightly, but he still couldn't hide the faint bruises on his neck.

Chu Yao narrowed her eyes slightly.

This kid... got beaten up again.

"Anyway, Miss Chu, please help us out."

"I believe... as long as you ask, he won't refuse."

Chu Yao looked at Ye Ze, holding a dog tail grass in her hand, and went straight to the point, "Will you come to my guard team or not?"

Ye Ze was slightly startled, then remembered the notice he had sent before.

Most people were not interested in the Sword Peak guard team, but he was somewhat interested. It was just that the person who registered him and he had a bad relationship, and he didn't want to negotiate with him, so he just gave up.

Chu Yao thought he was going to refuse when he didn't say anything for a long time, and was about to offer some bait, but she heard the young man softly say, "Okay."
Chu Yao was surprised, "Oh," she said, "you're sure you want to come? It's tiring."

Ye Ze replied with a grunt, "I'll come."

Chu Yao dropped the dogtail grass in her hand, "Okay, you're straightforward, just the way I like it. Report here tonight. Go back and train."

"Thank you, Chu-daren."

As she watched Ye Ze leave, Chu Yao was about to go too, but she felt another pair of eyes staring at her. She turned her head slightly and saw a young man with a heavy sword on his back, dressed in tight-fitting clothes, staring at her with starry eyes.

If there were people from the black market here, they would recognize him as the foolish victim who spent ten million high-grade spirit stones on a fake garment charm.

Although she didn't know what he had done, Chu Yao remembered who he was with just one glance.

Chang Nian, the genius boy who was the pride of the Chang family.

When he saw her looking at him, he clenched his fists. After a while, he walked over, took a deep breath, and his eyes shone, "...I also signed up for your bodyguard team!"

Chu Yao responded with an "Oh," and cast a lazy glance at him with her hazel eyes, "Not bad."

Feeling as though she was being a bit dismissive, Chu Yao adjusted her expression, "Yes, good job. Keep it up. I'm going back now."

Chang Nian: "..."

Watching the girl's departing figure, Chang Nian glanced sideways at Ye Ze, who was practicing swordsmanship seriously not far away. He snorted lightly and turned to leave with his sword on his back.

No one dared to stop him, and he was planning to go to the top of the sword peak to find his older brother, but when he passed through a forest, he heard a faint laughter.

"She's very proud, isn't she?"

Chang Nian drew his wide sword from its sheath, and the jet-black blade swept through the cold light, "Who?!"

"Clang!"

Blocking his sword was a dagger, also black, held by a pretty hand. Chang Nian's pupils contracted slightly. He recognized this dagger!

The calamitous star that fell from the sky, able to cut through anything, the Fallen Star Blade!

The owner of this dagger...

Chang Nian sheathed his heavy sword and frowned, "The Chu family... Chu Yi?"
Chuyi gracefully put away her dagger, and the silver butterflies on her sleeves fluttered as she smiled coyly. "It's me," she said.

She squinted her eyes slightly and said, "Nice to meet you, Chang Nian."

The girl in the blue and white butterfly dress smiled sweetly, standing elegantly with bright almond-shaped eyes and a light fringe. In the lush forest, she was as beautiful as a fairy or an elf.

Chang Nian was a little dazed by her beauty and replied, "Hello."

==

The next day.

"Xia Wuyin... you don't look so good. Did you not sleep well last night?" Mao Qing looked at her neighbor, who was barely conscious.

Xia Ge had two dark circles under her eyes and stared at the straight-backed and seemingly energetic Huo Bai not far away. "No, I'm fine," she said with a hint of desolation.

...So, this guy did go to sleep last night, right?!

Suffocating.

Xia Ge glanced at Huo Bai a few times, but then withdrew her gaze. She had previously used a soul-snatching technique to command a puppet doll to be carried around by Bai Ren. The Blade Society would instinctively carry it with them, so now the puppet doll was in her arms.

After leaving the range of the reverse white charm she had drawn the day before, the white charm on Bai Ren's body took effect, and she lost contact with the puppet doll.

It could only be effective in the small house where she had drawn the reverse white charm.

But it was enough.

During the day, Bai Ren had to maintain his identity as "Huo Bai" and would definitely come to class. Moreover, he would not choose to steal the key during the day.

As long as she could monitor him with the doll at night in that room, she would be able to roughly figure out his movements.

Although she didn't have a strong sense of belonging to Lingxi Peak, she still had to fulfill her duty as a disciple occasionally.

And...

Xia Ge took out the Ghost Dragon Jade and looked at the dragon jade missing a corner, thinking of Ye Ze, and felt a headache coming on.

She had also gone to see him in the past half month, but he basically didn't show up because she didn't know how to approach him.

Basically, every time she went, she either saw him being beaten or saw him fighting back.
It was a vigorous and speechless life on the Sword Peak.

Thinking about their previous agreement, Xia Ge decided not to meet him again.

But... after joining Chu Yao's guard team, she should be safe for the time being.

Xia Ge glanced at the Ghost Dragon Jade in her hand, put it away, and finally looked at Huo Bai, whose back was straight.

Everything was ready, only the east wind was missing.

However, Xia Ge did not expect that this east wind would blow so slowly.

She spent half a month squatting with the small puppet next to Huo Bai, without sleep or rest. She squatted until even the system woke up, but she did not see any movement from Huo Bai.

Huo Bai's daily routine was to wash his face, clean off the disguise, and then stare blankly at the puppet for a while with his pale face. Then he disappeared into the darkness, and Xia Ge didn't know what he was doing.

Xia Ge endured for half a month, enduring until her second period came, the system woke up, and still did not see any movement from Huo Bai. Day by day, everything was stable.

Xia Ge: "......"

The just awakened system: "......"

The system, who had slept for half a month, finally realized, "......Is your chest bigger?"

Xia Ge, who had gained nothing and was getting impatient, said, "......Get lost."

She really didn't know if her chest had grown or not, but it seemed that she had grown taller by a little bit.

Xia Ge, with two black circles under her eyes, leaned against the door with her weak back, straightened her body, and used a small carving knife to carve her height on the door.

Without a ruler, Xia Ge didn't know how tall she was, so she could only carve it and measure it next time.

"Why did you sleep for so long?"

Xia Ge asked.

The system replied, "I don't know..."

Xia Ge: "When you were sleeping, I seemed to hear someone talking in my ear. Was it my hallucination or did you accidentally record something?"

The system: "......I won't malfunction!"
Xia Ge responded coldly: "Oh."

Seeing the dark circles under Xia Ge's eyes, the system roughly understood what Xia Ge was doing. "Your monitoring method is really stupid."

Xia Ge replied, "What else can I do? I can only do this."

"But we can't keep doing this," Xia Ge said, holding her forehead. "I've been sleeping through Master's classes for half a month now... I have to see what he's up to."

Did he sleep or not?!

That night, with all the doors and windows tightly closed, Huo Bai, as usual, removed his disguise and silently placed the small puppet in his arms on the table. Then he lit a dim candle and stared at the puppet on the table for a while.

He didn't understand why he had to keep this small puppet with him all the time. It seemed that since the order to kill Gu Peijiu failed, he had picked up this small puppet from the bodies of countless demonized puppets and had been carrying it with him ever since.

With it, he felt a strange sense of peace. And when he looked at this little puppet, he would inexplicably think of a pair of deep purple eyes.

...Those eyes.

After staring at it for a while, Huo Bai withdrew his gaze, extinguished the candle, and the whole room plunged back into endless darkness. He disappeared into the darkness as usual.

Shortly after he left, the eyes of the small puppet turned slightly.

Xia Ge's soul was attached to the body of the small puppet, and the black eyes looked at the darkness for a long time until she was sure that there was no sound. Then she controlled the body of the small puppet to stand up. The system followed her and whispered, "Hey, the table is so high, how are you going to get down?"

"It's easy to get down," Xia Ge sneered. "Let me show you what puppet manipulation is all about!"

As soon as she finished speaking, the small puppet on the table leaped into the air and performed a 360-degree flip, and then there was a slight "click" sound as its little face hit the ground.

The system said, "...amazing."

Xia Ge replied, "...thanks for the compliment."

Fortunately, although Xia Ge fell badly, the buffering effect of Ghostly Illusion reduced the sound to a minimum, and she began to play dead, trying to look at the room from this novel angle.

However, with the doors and windows tightly closed and the curtains tightly drawn, she couldn't see anything clearly.

Xia Ge asked the system for help, "Is there any way I can see clearly around me?"

The system replied, "...you have opened your spiritual senses, gather spiritual energy in your eyes and try to see."
Xia Ge asked, "Can puppets also summon spiritual energy?"

The system replied, "I think so..."

Xia Ge tried it out, but the puppet's ability to summon spiritual energy was not very effective in its body. However, when she concentrated it in her eyes, she was able to see some things.

With the help of spiritual energy, Xia Ge was finally able to see that there was a black screen between the table and the bed in the small room. The candlelight was faint and blocked by Huo Bai's body, and the screen was also black. She almost thought that this was the whole room and secretly wondered why other people's dormitories were so small... It turned out that the screen was just black.

Xia Ge was speechless for a moment, then pretended to be dead for a while. When she saw that there was still no movement from the other side, she cautiously approached and looked inside by going around the black screen.

She saw a pale-faced young man lying on the bed, sleeping peacefully with a white talisman and a piece of Jinjiang candy mint paper on his pillow.

Xia Ge: "..."

System: "..."

Are you a fake spy for the demonic cult...and how much do you love eating mint candy!

As they were mocking, the white talisman suddenly lit up, and in almost an instant, Bai Ren opened his eyes!

Xia Ge was startled and instinctively pulled her head back, hiding behind the screen, stiffening her body and not daring to move.

There was the sound of the young man getting up behind the screen. Xia Ge looked around and quickly ran to the leg of the table, pretending to have accidentally fallen down and lying there playing dead, with spiritual energy gathering in her ears, carefully listening to the movement inside.

The young man's low voice sounded with indifference and numbness.

"...In three days?"

"Tsk, I know."

The little puppet moved and the light in its eyes dimmed.

In this room, Xia Ge, who had returned to her soul, opened her eyes. The red ribbon on her wrist gently rubbed against her, and she touched it before skillfully tying it to the handle of the sickle beside her, making a neat knot.

The red ribbon struggled for a while, but soon tied itself into a few more knots, struggling in vain and soon hung down pitifully.

System: "Three days later."

Xia Ge climbed onto the bed expressionlessly, pulled the blanket over her head.
"Shut up, go to sleep."
