As if a dormant soul was awakened, and as if a moth rushing into the fire regardless of everything.

"If you have made up your mind, I can't stop you." Chu Zhan coughed twice, and the slanting sunset cast deep and shallow shadows on his face. "But no matter what you choose to do, you must understand clearly what you have to pay."

"I know." Chu Yao gazed at her father whom she had respected for more than ten years. In her life, she had only disobeyed her father's decision twice. The first time was when she went to practice on Sword Peak, and the second time was now.

"If you don't go."

"I won't be content."

Chu Zhan's voice sounded old. "What if the result is not what you want to see?"

"I trust someone, and I will trust them to the end."

Chu Yao's hand brushed her chest and said, "I trust my own eyes and can also see my own heart."

"The result is not important to me."

Chu Zhan said, "You will regret it."

"Father." Chu Yi's voice was firm, word by word.

"If I don't go, I will regret it for the rest of my life."

Regret for the rest of his life?

Chu Zhan closed his eyes. In this instant, it was as if he had returned to a long time ago when he was still the young master of the Chu family, dressed in new clothes and riding a spirited horse, young and reckless. He also fell in love with a woman like this, promising her a lifetime of glory, thinking that he loved her deeply and would never regret it. But in the end, he still failed her.

Silly child.

Life is so long.

"Go and take a look at the Chu Dao Sacrifice Spirit." Chu Zhan did not stop her anymore, just closed his eyes and said wearily, "The Chu Dao Sacrifice Spirit can test your heart."

"If you get its recognition and are ready to pay the possible price, then go ahead."

Chu Yao nodded and turned to leave.

Chu Zhan opened his eyes, watching Chu Yi's departing figure, a faint sadness in his old eyes.
For the past 500 years of the Chu family, no one has been able to pass the Chu Sword Sacrifice's heart test.

He was going to give this child the final lesson.

Chu Zhan trembled as he got up and pulled out a letter from under the pillow.

He had been so confident and ambitious back then, his heart soaring high, but he still didn't get the recognition of the Chu Sword Sacrifice.

As expected... he eventually failed the person he loved.

Perhaps no one can truly inherit it.

But...

If this child can really get its recognition, then this little obstacle won't stop her.

He looked at the letter he hadn't started writing yet, and a sense of relief passed through his eyes.

At that time, the sea is wide enough to allow fish to leap, and the sky is high enough to allow birds to fly.

"Father."

The girl's voice was soft.

Chu Zhan raised his eyes, and the butterflies scattered. He saw Chu Yi.

The girl's eyes were lifeless, and the smile on her lips was shallow. "Have you made up your mind?"

Chu Zhan coughed twice and said tiredly, "Of course."

He owed this mother and daughter too much.

No matter what she does, she is still his daughter after all.

"I know you did everything." Chu Zhan looked at Chu Yi, his eyes gradually becoming gentle, "But I... don't blame you."

"What is Father talking about? I don't understand." Chu Yi brought a pen over, her voice kind and gentle, "Yiyi didn't do anything, Yiyi just came to see Father."

"Father, won't you leave a few words?"
"Stay, of course I'll stay," Chu Zhan said casually, taking the wolf hair brush covered in ink and laughing at himself. "Consider it...paying back the debt I owe them."

= =

Chu Family Ancestral Hall.

The stars twinkled in the sky, the insects of early summer began to sing diligently, and the sound of frogs could be faintly heard.

Chu Yao walked slowly into the ancestral hall.

Except for the time when she had just returned from Lingxi Peak with her father, she hadn't been here for a long time.

Outside the ancestral hall, the insects were noisy, but inside it was quiet. There were still rows of memorial tablets and the snow-white wedding dress embroidered with dragon patterns hanging in front of her.

Chu Yao looked at the memorial tablet of Chu Dao.

This was the thing she hated most to see when she was a child. Once she made a mistake, she would kneel here and repent in front of this dress.

In fact, she hadn't made any big mistakes, she just hated it when people mentioned her eyes in front of her.

The first time she knelt in front of Chu Dao's memorial tablet was when a child ran up to her and cursed her, saying that everything she had was because of her eyes. If she didn't have them, she would be nothing but a lowly daughter.

She was very angry at the time and fought with the child, without any grace of a lady.

When her father came back, he punished her to kneel in front of the ancestral hall.

Later...she found out that the child she had beaten up was her own younger sister, Chu Yi, who was despised as the legitimate daughter at the time. She also vaguely understood the special meaning behind the flattery of others.

Her eyes had taken away the brilliance that belonged to Chu Yi.

Since then, every time someone said she was the reincarnation of Chu Wang, brave and unparalleled, she would beat them up.

Later, she knelt in front of the ancestral hall countless times.

Father also said to her, "If someone insults you, I understand why you would beat them up, but why would you bully someone who praises you?"

She said, "Because they have no one in their eyes."
They were praising her on the surface, but in reality, they were all ridiculing her and mocking her for relying on the protection of the King of Chu. Without those eyes, she, Chu Yao, was nothing.

Her father sighed and said to her, "Yao, you are too proud."

She knelt on the ground, silent and stubborn, with her back straight.

She had secretly gone to see her sister before.

The little girl always sat quietly in the corner, holding the dagger her father had given her, not saying a word and sitting there all day.

The maids also looked down on her, not calling her to eat when it was mealtime. She sat foolishly in place, as if she didn't feel hungry.

The breeze gently brushed by, and the Chu Dao Ji Ling moved his clothes slightly.

Chu Yao paused, withdrew her thoughts, and thought of the unusual account books of the Chu family. She closed her eyes and stopped thinking.

- If she wanted it, she could take it. She didn't really care.

She looked up at the Chu Dao Ji Ling.

It quietly and silently waited here, day after day, year after year.

Now her father had asked her to come and see it...

Chu Yao touched its fabric.

Silky and soft, with fine golden dragon stitches, it was perfect as if it were embroidered by a master.

It could be seen that the person who embroidered this dress had put in a lot of effort.

Legend has it that a hundred years ago, the King of Chu had a beloved woman. However, when she was ready to ask for his hand in marriage, the woman was no longer in this world.

The grieving King of Chu sewed this wedding dress.

Chu Dao Ji Ling.

With regret, love, separation, and loneliness, it was a sacrifice to the loved one’s spirit in the heavens.

The past of the old man had turned into flying ashes.

"My father said that you can test my heart." Chu Yao's voice was shallow. "As the saying goes, with sincerity and honesty, even gold and stone can be split. I don't know if my shallow feelings can move you."
The sound of the wind gently blew and disturbed the black silk cloth hanging in the ancestral hall. However, the Chudao ceremony was as still as ever, not moving at all.

It has been a long time.

It seems like she didn't pass the test.

But it doesn't matter.

"This little bit of sincerity cannot move the ancient clothing demon who is high above, and it doesn't matter," Chu Yao put down her hand and smiled happily, "After all, my decision is mine alone, and only I know if I will continue to follow it."

Her fate is in her own hands.

The road is also under her feet, and how she walks is her own business.

She let go of her hand and turned to leave.

But as soon as she took a step, "clang!"

The open door was suddenly closed, and all the tablets in the ancestral hall began to shake violently!

Chu Yao's eyes flashed, and she subconsciously wanted to draw her sword, but she drew a blank because she didn't have a sword in her own ancestral hall. In the next moment, five cold, broad, and three-zhang-wide silver light plates rushed over from all sides, forming a pentagon, and instantly trapped her inside!

Chu Yao's eyes turned cold, and she pinched her sword tactic. In the next moment, abundant spiritual energy instantly condensed around her, turning into countless sword blades, cold and unparalleled. If she were to attack, this small ancestral hall would definitely be riddled with holes!

Chu Yao looked at the ancestors of the Chu family outside the light plates, and her mouth twitched. The action of changing the sword tactic suddenly stopped.

The light plates that trapped her also did not move.

Just as Chu Yao was contemplating whether she could protect her ancestors while breaking through the light plates, a white garment embroidered with dragon patterns floated down from the middle. It leisurely floated to her front.

Chu Yao silently looked at it.

The wide hem of the garment tapped on the light plates, and it even made two "clang clang" sounds.

After tapping, it put the hem of the garment behind its back and slowly circled around the pentagon light plates twice.

It looked like an old man patrolling the land.

Chu Yao: "..."
"I know you've made up your mind to leave."

Chu Yao was slightly startled, but soon knew who was speaking.

As a clothing spirit without a master, it could fully rely on other forces to communicate with people.

However, in the hundreds of years since the inheritance of the Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit, no ancestor had ever heard it speak.

"I heard the voice in your heart." The Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit's voice was gentle, unlike the eccentric temperament of the Town Soul Supreme, and could even be described as gentle. "I also know that you won't do anything to regret."

"I have guarded this family for hundreds of years, and I have also seen people like you, but their choices are different, and their outcomes are also different."

"For those who gamble everything, they either get nothing and end up alone, or they get what they want, but in addition to being grateful, they will also greedily crave for more."

"For those who follow the rules, life is plain and ordinary, and their names are engraved on the family's plaque after they die, but they are easily forgotten over time."

"After a long time, even I will slowly forget that the Chu family once had such a person."

"You are the same, yet different from all the descendants I have seen before."

"I see your firm will to gamble everything, but I don't want to calculate your chances."

Chu Yao paused, looking at the pentagonal light plaque that trapped her, and the clothing spirit outside the light plaque, and the sword formation was put away.

"Does that mean I have passed your heart test?" Chu Yao asked.

The Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit said, "Many people can pass my heart test. The willpower of a person in a moment of impulse is the most firm."

After a pause, it laughed again. "So when you regret, it is also the most painful."

Chu Yao didn't want to waste time with it. "I know I won't regret it. You can let me go now."

The Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit said, "You alone cannot defeat Su Chan."

Chu Yao frowned. "Do you know Su Chan?"

The Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit paused. "That's not important."

"What's important is that without me, you cannot even step into the territory of the Demon Cult for an inch." The Chu Sword Sacrificial Spirit's voice was shallow. "You need me."

Chu Yao asked, "What do you want in the end?"
"I want you."

Chu Yao: "..."

"I was born from the remembrance, grief, and regretful tears of an emperor."

"My former owner never fought a battle without certainty."

"But you risked everything, had nothing, and asked for nothing."

"I am disappointed in you."

Chu Wang, the former owner.

Chu Yao sneered, "No certainty? Are you talking about her suicide?"

Chu Dao Ji Ling fell silent.

It could never forget the feeling of warm blood flowing over it shortly after its birth, and the pain of regret in its owner's heart.

At that time, it didn't understand much, but it would always remember the scorching heat of the blood and the owner's painful regret.

"You're just a useless plaything," Chu Yao said indifferently. "I have nothing to ask for because I want to give her what she wants."

"What she wants is the most important thing."

Chu Dao Ji Ling said, "You're very similar to her."

Chu Yao furrowed her brow.

"I know you don't like hearing that," Chu Dao Ji Ling said, "but what I'm saying isn't from your perspective."

Chu Yao sneered, her eyes cold. "Let me go. You, I can't afford."
