On the first night that Xia Ge skipped classes, the candle flickered through the darkness until dawn, when the light of day seeped through the green curtains. Tian Zhu Ling lay quietly curled up, showing no signs of change.

It wasn't until the morning light covered the faint glow of the candle that Gu Peijiu waved her hand, extinguishing the white candle and releasing a wisp of blue smoke.

The morning mist was hazy, and eyes that peered vaguely seemed to follow her every move.

Gu Peijiu expressionlessly raised her head, and on a nearby tree branch, a small cloth doll with a smiling face looked at her.

The doll was only the size of a palm, very delicate, with a plain white dress sewn onto its body, and two small bells hanging from its wrists. It had a doll-like hairdo and its smiling eyes were lively like a cat's, but whether it was intentional or unintentional, the curvature of its mouth was extremely large, as if it could swallow someone at any moment, eerie and strange.

"...Long time...no see." The doll smiled strangely, its voice hoarse and distorted, "Gu..."

In the next moment, the red Tian Zhu Ling suddenly rushed out, tearing through the mist, and then tore the doll into pieces! The fallen leaves and doll fragments fell together, and the shattered face of the doll stared in Gu Peijiu's direction, "Tian Zhu..."

The fragments slowly drifted to Gu Peijiu's feet.

It was an eye, a cat's eye that was lifelike and particularly vivid.

As if drawn by someone.

And now, this eye was quietly gazing at her, seemingly empty, yet with a myriad of emotions.

It was as if someone had accidentally thrown a stone into a calm and still heart, causing ripples to spread.

Unfortunately, the person who threw the stone thought it was just a stone.

As if turning around, one could forget.

And because of the waves caused by her stone, that person seemed to be able to step back and avoid it.

Everything seemed to return to calm.

The red glow of the eastern sky accompanied the sunrise, the light was faint, not enough to dispel the morning mist, but it also dyed it with the blood-red glow of dawn.

She paused slightly, bowed and picked up the fragments.
In the moment when the fair fingertips touched the fragments, Su Chan's eyes suddenly opened.

It was the Thousand Souls Sect.

Bai Zhi had one eye covered with white cloth, and the pain from losing an eye still lingered. She nervously glanced at the young girl but didn't dare to speak.

The girl in blood-red clothes had a gloomy expression. After a while, her snow-white and soft hand slowly covered her eyes, and a sinister smile appeared on her lips.

The little doll was made by Su Chan.

It was a soul-checking doll specially made for Gu Peijiu. She just wanted to confirm one last time--

"...It's really you."

Gu Peijiu.

...Gu Peijiu!!

Qin Yue said on the side, "Everything is ready."

Su Chan pressed her fair and soft hand against her temple, her narrow eyes filled with gloom. She said to Qin Yue, "Summon it now."

"Okay."

"After determining the summoning location, Bai Zhi, release the news--" Su Chan's lips curled into a sinister smile, "Spread the news about the Evil Spirit Mountain and the Town Spirit Unparalleled to those people--"

Bai Zhi was slightly stunned, "...Master?"

"Hmm?" Su Chan narrowed her eyes at him.

Bai Zhi immediately lowered his head, "Yes, Master."

Su Chan stood up and remembered the roasted chestnuts she had bought today. Her eyebrows and eyes became even gloomier, but her voice was soft, "Now, let's go."

The young girl had vermilion lips and snow-white skin. When she stood up, her red clothes fluttered, and her waist was even more supple and graceful, unparalleled in beauty.

However, the coldness in her eyebrows and eyes made him not dare to delay even a bit.

"Yes!"
Bai Zhi dared not disobey and immediately went to do it, but when he gave the order, there was still an inexplicable sense of frustration in his heart. The legend of the ancient clothes demon and the unbeatable soul had been around for a long time. It used to be just a rumor, but seeing the leader searching for the evil spirit mountain for six whole years, and occasionally hearing the legends of the evil spirit mountain... the unbeatable soul must be real and on the evil spirit mountain. Bai Zhi couldn't understand how the results of so many years of hard work could be given up so easily, but even with a hundred times more courage, he didn't dare to question the leader's decision.

But why?

Suddenly, Qin Yue threw something over to him. He instinctively caught it. It was cool and round. Chestnuts?

Qin Yue looked at the alluring leader and the bag of candied chestnuts in her hand, feeling a bit confused for a moment. She even wondered if this person had lost their mind.

Su Chan glanced at Qin Yue, who was holding the chestnuts in confusion, snorted lightly, and returned to her seat in a leisurely manner. Her narrow eyes shimmered with waves of light, "You are so smart... instead of guessing if I got the wrong package, why not guess why I gave it to you?"

Qin Yue's pupils suddenly shrank, and she instinctively clenched the chestnuts.

The chestnuts were cold in her palm, but they warmed up and became hot.

"Don't forget your mission," Su Chan said, casually taking out a chestnut from the bag, narrowing her eyes, and licking her tongue over it. Her green hair hung down, and her red dress was stunning, with seductive eyes.

...A demon.

It was very sweet.

There was a layer of sweet syrup.

Perhaps the sweet taste pleased her taste buds, and Su Chan's gloomy eyes softened slightly.

After a while.

No more sweetness.

Su Chan stared at the chestnut in her hand for a while, and then looked at Qin Yue.

Qin Yue held the chestnut and said, "...?"

Su Chan suddenly said, "It's not sweet anymore."
Translation:

Qin Yue: "..."

No...you don't lick sugar-coated chestnuts!!!

= =

Su Chan, who is high and mighty, doesn't know how to eat sugar-coated chestnuts and puts it aside.

As soon as the news about the location of the Evil Spirit Mountain came out, Xia Ge, who had just discovered that the Double Yi Teleportation Stone could teleport to the Evil Spirit Mountain, became depressed.

The news about the location and the unparalleled town soul have come out. The people rushing towards the Evil Spirit Mountain will definitely be like fish in a river. Maybe even the 【Rank】 will be dispatched, which is the true elite. By then...

If others don't know, she can still seize the opportunity, but now...

There are so many experts, where does she stand?

The system tried to comfort her: "...at least if you go, you will definitely be faster than others, and you can 'biu' and get there in one shot."

Xia Ge: "...and then 'biu' and die."

System: "There is a certain probability of this..."

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge pinched the Double Yi Teleportation Stone, feeling a little headache. Her original plan was to go to the black market first to inquire about some information, collect some materials, and if necessary, buy ready-made higher-level puppets to help. After fully preparing, she would set off. But now...

"But thinking about it again." Xia Ge muttered to herself, "It's useless to have too many people going. Town Soul..."

Town Soul is at least an ancient garment demon, and it's unlikely that it will be taken away so easily, right?

The more she thought about it, the more melancholy she became.

"I think all the troubles in my life are due to my inability to get what I want." Xia Ge sighed, looking at the rain outside the window, "At first it was poverty, then it was poverty, and now it's still poverty."

Like the unattainable Town Soul.

System: "...bullshit."

"Ah." Xia Ge finished writing the letter to Chu Yao, carefully folded it and put it in the envelope. Then, she drew a thousand-mile symbol on the paper, folded a thousand paper cranes with talisman paper, and with a slight turn of spiritual power, the paper cranes glowed and the next moment, they picked up the letter and flew towards the gloomy sky with drizzling rain.

Just as Xia Ge had just sent the letter, she looked up and her whole person was not good.
The green grass and blue hills were just right, and the gentle spring rain lingered. The girl in the red and white maple leaf clothes held an ink umbrella, and her figure was shrouded in a misty haze.

In that misty rain and fog, Xia Ge could see those black eyes staring at her at a glance.

In an instant, it felt like her heart was suddenly squeezed by something.

Xia Ge felt that she should change the sentence she said before, "All the troubles in life come from not getting what we want."

...What should she change it to?

She didn't know.

Gu Peijiu held the umbrella and seemed to just be passing by. The spring rain pattered down, and she quietly stared at Xia Ge. Their eyes met, but Xia Ge couldn't move her eyes away no matter what.

The warm feeling on her lips that day still lingered.

After a while, Xia Ge stiffly turned her head away.

There is another kind of trouble, called...

Being at a loss.

Gu Peijiu's long eyelashes drooped slightly, and after a while, she turned and left. Suddenly, there was a thunder in the sky, and the drizzle turned into a heavy rain, and the wind became stronger.

She was too impatient.

But she... couldn't wait any longer.

The thick raindrops beat against the eaves, and the girl with the soft waist and the ink umbrella walked in the rain, like a spirit occasionally appearing on the mountain. When the time comes, she will disappear in the misty mountain fog, beyond reach and beyond understanding.

Watching from afar.

Just like that.

You can't be sure of your feelings, and you don't know if you can accept this relationship.

You can't give anything.

...Just like that.

Just... like this.
The lovesickness that tied up her hair trembled slightly. Xia Ge could hear the faint footsteps, accompanied by raindrops, getting further and further away.

Perhaps, they would never meet again.

Time flies by so quickly, like a passing glance.

...Where is your heart?

"Bang!"

The wooden door was suddenly pushed open, and Xia Ge heard her own voice: "Senior Sister!"

She was both anxious and flustered.

Her voice pierced through the heavy rain.

And went straight to the heart.

Gu Peijiu's pupils contracted. The strong mountain wind blew fiercely, causing her to pause for a moment. She didn't hold onto the wooden umbrella handle, and in the midst of the torrential rain and wind, the ink umbrella suddenly slipped from her hand. The heavy rain hit her, and as she remembered that call, her heart, which had been beating steadily, suddenly began to race.

Like the beat of this storm.

Suddenly, something pounced on her. The swallow hugged her waist tightly, as if throwing herself into her embrace. The rain was cold, but the body in her arms was burning hot.

This is...

The hollow heart was filled in an instant.

The beating became more and more rapid.

It's enough.

With this person in her arms...everything is enough.

Anything else can be let go.

The ink umbrella was blown down the mountain by the strong wind, and Gu Peijiu hugged her tightly, then closed her eyes and kissed her.

The cold rain, the hot lips, the feverish heart, the confused and entangled emotions, the uncertain beginning, and the unknown future ending.

But...


——Don't worry about anything, don't pay attention to anything, don't think about anything.

Can't escape.

Because she can't let go.

This is...

Love.
