Today we came to the Hunter Association headquarters by ourselves. Fii's mother said she would come too, but we declined. It's not because we hate Fii's mother, but because she holds too much power. When we're with her, our movements are restricted.

Or rather, it's like things get awkward and the conversation doesn't flow smoothly, as it did yesterday. Perhaps we're becoming like that too, but it's still better than being with Fii's mother.

When we entered the Hunter Association, everyone's eyes naturally turned to Ciel. This is unavoidable. Ciel is a rare young hunter at the Hunter Association headquarters.

However, that doesn't mean there are no other young hunters. There are hunters who come from outside and are at least B-rank, but there are also those who were originally in the central area and became hunters. It's not good to say that you can't become a hunter because you're in the central area.

It's also a question of why people around the headquarters can't become hunters.

Therefore, there are young hunters who have been educated to become hunters since childhood, especially those whose parents are hunters. However, what are the central hunters hunting?

In this world, although monsters are everywhere, there are more in places where people's hands cannot reach, and I think Fii's mother has a perfect grasp of the situation in the central area. That means they can manage the number of monsters, and there are hardly any monster-related incidents in the central area. In that case, the demand for hunters should decrease.

However, there are enough hunters at the headquarters to match its size. There is a possibility that Fii's mother has no intention of managing them and leaves it to the hunters, but as someone who has walked all the way from the border, I can't help but think that's not the case. Although it was Ciel who walked, not me.

<<Ein, is something wrong?>>
<<No, nothing's wrong.>>
<<Really? Well, that's good then.>>

I stop my thoughts when Ciel speaks to me. I can ask my mother or the acquaintances of the hunters later about how they are doing. For now, I need to finish talking about the qualifications for A-rank and other things that I mentioned yesterday.

Ciel goes to the receptionist and asks them to call the guild master - or rather, the grandmaster, as they are the top of the headquarters. At first, they tilt their head, but when Ciel mentions their name, they seem to understand and tell Ciel to wait before going into the back.

Communication around here seems to be going smoothly. There's no way they wouldn't know about the child of Fii's mother who is likely to come to the Hunter Association.

I thought we would have to wait for a while, but then a staff member from the back where there were many people called out to Ciel. The face was familiar, and they were surprised to see Ciel.

"Seria. It's been a while."
"...Yes, it's been a while. I didn't expect to see you so soon."

It has been a while...? Well, that's correct, but it feels strange to Ciel, who is almost meeting them for the first time. Seria momentarily loses their words at Ciel's response, then responds with a slightly distorted smile. Maybe they're suspicious because my way of speaking has changed drastically from Ciel's? Even if that's the case, I think it's admirable that they continue without any problem.

I also felt that their smile was a little distorted, perhaps because I had been looking at Seria for a while. I probably wouldn't have noticed the difference if it had been my first time meeting them.

"Where's Carol?"
"She's in the center. I think she'll come if you call her, but should I call her?"
"If you could."
"Understood. But before that, Cielmer, the Hunter Association apologizes."
"Hmm."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

Ciel responded shortly to Celia-san's bow. He didn't think Celia-san needed to apologize, but it was probably her way of taking responsibility. He thought it was a very mature and admirable way to handle the situation.

After Celia-san raised her head, she seemed to be using some kind of magical tool to communicate. She had asked for Carol-san to be called, so it was probably related to that. After finishing manipulating the magical tool, Celia-san turned to face Ciel again.

"There are many things that I am curious about, but for now, I'm glad that we were able to meet with Cielmer-san safely."
"I also wanted to talk with Celia, but it might be better if Carol was with us."
"Yes, I think Carol is looking forward to it too."

<<Ciel, may I ask you something I'm curious about?>>
<<Sure, what do you want to know?>>

Ciel willingly took over and used his power to maintain Ain's appearance, so there was no way anyone could tell they had switched places just by looks. Since Ciel had taken over the conversation, he adapted his tone to match Ain's.

"By the way, how do hunters in the central region operate?"
"This is Cielmer-san's first time in the central region. While there are certainly similar requests to those in other countries, there are also significant differences..."
"What about you? Did you come here without knowing anything?"

Ah, yes. Ain had forgotten about this development. The voice of the pretentious boy was now angry. It might be because of Ain's ignorance that they were in this situation, but if they listened to the conversation, they would have noticed Ciel's rank. Ain thought that not being able to notice that was revealing of the boy's character.

<<I'm sorry. It seems like I've caused some trouble.>>
<<It's not Ain's fault. It's the fault of the person who came to bother us. And if it's too much trouble, we can just drive them away!>>

Although Ciel responded energetically, Ain wondered if they should use that method again. They had been trying to avoid attracting attention so far, but now they didn't need to worry about that anymore. The boy who would have interrupted them would know what it meant to pick a fight with an A-rank hunter, and it might even be worth punishing him for his bad luck.

"Don't ignore me."

The voice that had sounded like a little brat had now turned angry. Come to think of it, Ain hadn't even turned around, even though they knew the general location of the speaker through their detection ability. They had seen a similar situation before, and then they heard the voice of an unknown woman saying, "He's not a match for you to bother with. If you don't want to die, put your hand down immediately," which caused the boy to apologize and run away from the Hunter's Association.

"It's okay, really."
"I know you're okay. I can tell from your barrier that you're a B-rank hunter."

This woman didn't underestimate Ciel's appearance. Well, she could correctly measure the defense power of the spherical barrier that Ciel had put up, so that was to be expected. However, why did she conclude that Ciel was B-rank?

Although Ain had detected her presence, they hadn't heard Ciel and Celia-san's conversation. Therefore, the only way to measure Ciel's rank was to guess from the barrier. However, normally, they wouldn't use their full power in a place like this.

So, Ain thought that phrases like "at least B-rank," "the lowest B-rank," or "the ability is above B-rank" would be more appropriate.

"Did you break the record for the youngest person to be promoted to B-rank, as Viviana said?"

Ah, so she was one of Viviana's acquaintances. Viviana knew that Ciel had become a B-rank hunter, and given Ciel's age, there was no one else but Ciel who could be called a B-rank hunter. She probably didn't think that Ciel was an A-rank hunter.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"Are you related to Viviana?"
"Oh, I haven't introduced myself yet!"

Is this person someone who needs to stand out and sparkle? Their movements are aristocratic, and they give off the impression of a haughty young lady who has grown up. And although she is referred to as "The Scorching Beauty" by those around her, I wonder if that is her nickname.

Speaking of nicknames, I recall Carol's nickname, "The Ice Witch," but I think Carol hated that nickname. This person seems to be the opposite and appears to enjoy being called by her nickname. Ice and scorching heat are opposite images, and their personalities seem to clash.

In any case, I missed the timing to return to Ciel.

"I am Freire Yazyk, a B-rank hunter, and my nickname is The Scorching Beauty. As for my relationship with Viviana, she is my disciple!"

Freire introduces herself, placing her hand on her chest. She is quite eye-catching. I wonder how Viviana managed to work under her. Or perhaps Freire is an excellent teacher?

"I am Cielmer."
"Cielmer, is it? I have a request for you, if that's alright."
"What is it?"
"Would you mind having a mock battle with me?"

<<What should we do? >>
<<I don't mind either way. If we respond like a mirror, we can accept it, right? >>
<<In this case, it doesn't seem like it's out of good or bad intentions... Is it just curiosity? Does Ciel have an interest in her? >>
<<To tell you the truth, not really. But I might accept it to take an interest in people. What do you think, Ain? >>
<<Then let's accept the request. If we can't get interested in it, let's accept it as an experience and result.>>
<<Okay, I understand.>>

After the conversation is settled, Ciel asks about the conditions.

"Thank you for accepting. First, let's talk about the reward. How about 50 gold coins, regardless of the outcome?"
"That's too much for a B-rank request."
"I know, but I believe it's worth it. The rules of the battle will be what hunters usually use. No killing, and try not to cause serious injuries. The winner will be whoever admits defeat, becomes unable to fight, or lands a decisive blow. How does that sound?"
"Got it. Who will be the referee?"
"Seria, please."

Freire asks Seria, but she looks troubled. Seria probably has work to do, and there may be someone else who needs to handle this request. As expected of a young lady, she has a carefree side to her. Then I hear a sighing voice from behind saying, "I'll do it."

Freire looks like she wants to say something as she glares at the person who spoke.

"What are you doing here, Ice?"
"I came to see that girl. It's been a while, Cielmer."
"Carol, it's been a while."

I respond bluntly as I am drawn into the conversation. Carol also seemed surprised at first, but she quickly changed to a cheerful expression.

"We'll talk later. For now, let's beat up that red one over there. It'll be refreshing."
"Are you trying to start a fight? I'm not buying it."
"Yes, yes. I'll fight that girl, though. It's a good opportunity to lose completely." 
"If you're going to say that, I'll show you that I can win. Don't come crying later!"
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

As soon as Freele-san said that to Carol-san, he turned towards me and declared, "So if you want to hold a grudge, hold it against that ice over there."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

