"Well, well. It seems we got caught up in a little trouble."
"It's nothing new, so it can't be helped. Whatever happens, Ain will protect us."
"Yes, yes. There's no one here in the center who can surpass Ain's barrier, except for me."

At the end of the day, Ciel and Lady Fiiyanamia were talking while eating the dinner that had been prepared. The dinner was some sort of meat sauté that Ain couldn't quite identify, with warm vegetables on the side and a soup that looked like a consommé. Ain didn't know much about common dishes in this world, and even if she did, she would probably just recognize this consommé-like soup as consommé soup.

As for meals, they either ate what was served at the inn or bought food from a food stall, or Ain cooked. She had learned that her flames only heated the iron plate to a moderate temperature, which was good for using it as a hot water bottle, but not so good for cooking. At best, it was good for keeping things warm.

Ain realized how thorough the prohibition against using magic for attack was.

Anyway, Ain didn't know much about home cooking, and at the inn, they usually just ate whatever was provided instead of choosing from a menu, so she didn't know the names of dishes.

"Speaking of which, Lavelte contacted me earlier."
"What kind of contact?"
"Amureut's daughter is coming to the Hunter's Association tomorrow at noon."

<<What was Amureut again?>>
<<It's Viviana's house.>>
<<Oh, right. Shall we go shopping in the morning then?>>
<<Let's do that.>>

"Okay. Let's go there around noon. Until then, I'll go shopping."
"That's fine. You can handle anything that comes up."
"Huh? I don't really understand, but I can do whatever I want?"
"Yes, yes. But it's better not to threaten or steal, as it will make it harder to live among people."

Lady Fiiyanamia said that, but she still seemed off. She didn't condone theft or threats, but she didn't seem to want to stop them either. This must be the sense of a superhuman being.

Certainly, they wouldn't attack a store or two and steal goods. They were aware that it was wrong, but the stopper seemed to be looser than in their past lives. This kind of thing didn't require a stopper, but they needed to be careful not to make a wrong judgment.

"Don't make Ain hate you."
"That's right. I'm not worried."
"Speaking of which, what were you doing, Fii?"
"Gathering information, maybe? It could be considered a little preparation."
"What's going on?"
"I'll tell you when the time comes. I think it would be easier to borrow Ciel's power."
"Okay."

Lady Fiiyanamia spoke casually, so Ain couldn't imagine that there was a big problem. But if it was based on Lady Fiiyanamia's standards, she might just say "oh well" even if an entire town disappeared. If she didn't want to tell them, there was no point in asking, so Ain decided to put it aside for now.

"By the way, do you want to go to the nest?"
"I'm interested."
"Yes, yes. You two won't die even if you go all the way to the back. But it might be difficult to defeat the monsters there."
"Fii knows a lot."
"It's because I'm in the center. Managing the nest is one of my jobs. But even so, there's not much to do. Maybe thinning out the hunters if they're gone?" 

Lady Fiiyanamia joked, but managing the nest seemed like a pretty important job. Even if it was said that the Demon King who threatened the world was sealed in the deepest part, Ain wouldn't be surprised. But even if there was, Lady Fiiyanamia was probably stronger.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

I'm sorry, but the provided text consists only of a symbol and does not contain any words or phrases to be translated. Can you please provide a specific text or sentence to be translated?
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

After finishing our meal, we return to our room. It's become normal for Moosa and Luna to follow us, so I'm getting used to it. Even if someone else is in the room, I can still talk with Ciel and play with magic.

Speaking of magic, have I become more versatile since obtaining the power of a god? For example, I've tried changing the color and shape of barriers, creating figurines out of them, and making existing barriers appear to move.

But even if I change the color of a barrier, it's still transparent on the other side. And even if I make a sword-like object with a barrier, it doesn't become a weapon; it feels more like being hit by a cushion. I can't ride on it either, or rather, I could, but it would consume a lot of magic power.

The reason I keep making various barriers is that they can be used even if I'm not directly behind them. Magic is amazing. Convenient. Though I can no longer attack with it.

"Ciel, you've become quite skilled at using magic, haven't you?"

"Do you think so?"

"In today's mock battle, it seemed like you were able to sense most of Freire-san's magic, and you even saw her last attack."

Sensing magic is already quite difficult, so I think Ciel is quite capable. I, on the other hand, learned out of necessity. Maybe it's thanks to my talent for magic, which I had from the beginning, or rather, which remained after being thrown out during adjustment.

"That's right. It's easier to understand than Ain's barriers. But I still can't sense Ain's barriers. I used to sense them faintly, but not anymore."

"I've always been doing that, so you still can't beat me."

"Someday, I'll definitely be able to understand Ain! Then I won't have to search for Ain even if Ain is sleeping. Ain is such a sleepyhead."

As someone who slept for three whole days, I can't really argue with Ciel's words. But I'm sure this is a place where I should be happy that Ciel can now laugh and make jokes with ease. Even if I can't react appropriately, the fact itself makes me happy.

"Ain, Ain. Ainseru."

"I can hear you. What's up?"

"I don't know how to say it. It's nothing, really, but it seems like a lot of people are starting to call you by your name, right? Until now, I was the only one calling you Ain, but now others are starting to call you that...I'm jealous! Just a little bit."

While saying she's jealous, Ciel still has a smile appropriate for her age. But it's understandable that she feels that way. I felt jealous too when Fii-sama called Ciel by her name.

"But calling me 'Ain' for the first time was done by you, Ciel, and only Fii-sama has joined in now. Besides, only you know the remnants of my previous name."

It's a bit unfair, but what I'm saying is not a lie. When it comes to my previous name, it's certain that the Supreme God knows, but as for the remnants, I only told Ciel. I don't want to lie to her if I can help it.

"That's really wonderful. Wonderful!"

"And even if everyone in the world were to call my name, it wouldn't compare to being called by Ciel even once."

"Is that true? If it is, I'm happy. Ain, Ain!"

Ciel happily calls my name over and over again. It's been a while since I've been called Ainseru by Ciel like this. Compared to back then, Ciel has grown quite a bit.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

When I think about it, there's something that comes to mind. It's been about 13 years since I met Ciel. He's grown so much... but there are also things that haven't changed, like how he calls my name, which is very dear to me.

"Is something the matter, Ain?"
"No, it's nothing. By the way, do you have any intention of talking to Luna and the others?"
"Why do you ask?"
"Since we'll be spending more time together from now on, they might know things that I don't."
"What is it that Ain doesn't know and wants to know?"
"Perhaps the impression of Estoque from an outsider's perspective? If that's the case, we should think about it when we go to other countries in the future."

I intended for this to be practice for conversation with Ciel, but it seems to be going in a different direction than I thought. It's fine if Ciel talks to Mosa and the others, but I'm not particularly bothered if he doesn't. Ciel nodded and looked at Luna.

"Luna."
"What is it, Cielmer-sama?"
"Tell me about Estoque."
"Estoque is the country that Cielmer-sama's group originally came from, isn't it?"

Luna spoke up to that point, then her expression clouded slightly. Is there something about Estoque?

"Yes, that's right. Estoque has an image of being a closed country."
"Closed?"
"Yes. It's true that the Hunter's Association, the Church, and the Commercial Association come and go, but they seem to have a unique set of values and prejudices against non-human races. Also, discrimination based on occupation is more deeply rooted than in other countries."
"The treatment of divas was terrible."

As soon as the rumor about divas came out, the reactions around me changed drastically, which is somewhat nostalgic. The Hunter's Association was relatively better, but if it had been in a different place, I might have been in a position to be pursued. So, in a sense, I was lucky.

It's troublesome to make an enemy of a country. I could escape, but it would be difficult to live. I definitely couldn't live freely.

"Yes, that's right. Discrimination against divas is worse than in other countries. There are historical reasons for this, but the country's unique situation is also involved."
"What kind of situation?"
"Regarding Estoque, it hasn't been influenced much by the central government. For example, the top positions in the Hunter's Association and the Church are mostly held by people from Estoque. In other words, people with Estoque's unique values gather there, which includes prejudice against other races and occupations."

So it's a matter of national character. Even if the Hunter's Association doesn't bind itself to the country, if only Estoque people gather there, their values will naturally become normal. Even so, the Hunter's Association was more lenient, so they might have been more tolerant of divas.

Well, if Estoque's values are unique, I'm relieved as far as I'm concerned. I won't be persecuted in other countries either way. I don't think I was persecuted in Estoque either.

"Nevertheless, there is an impression that there are generally peaceful and capable leaders."
"Is that Lispelegia?"
"...Yes. Regardless of his personality, Lispelegia's competence seems to be well-known even in the central government. It's even said to be a place that hunters aspire to."

Did I stumble over my words for a moment because I somehow knew about Ciel and Lispelegia's relationship? It must have been information I needed to know as someone responsible for taking care of him.

I've been in trouble before, not just with divas, but with other things too, so it feels strange to hear that it's peaceful, but maybe it's normal to think of a girl in her early teens traveling alone - it's within the realm of peace. You can't say Japan is safe either.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"Troublesome."
"Yes, that's right. It's better to be cautious since it's hard to see."
"It's okay because Ain is here."
"Cielmer truly likes Ainsel, doesn't he?"
"Of course."
"If it's alright, could you tell me about Ainsel?"
The moment Luna said that, Ciel's eyes glimmered for a moment.
It's not something I should say, but that topic is no good.
After all, it would mean losing my place to exist.
Even though I don't have a physical body.
After that, Ciel started to boast about me in the same tone as before, but with a slightly more cheerful tone than before. 

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

