Upon hearing this, Gu Peijiu fell silent for a moment. Eventually, she crouched down and reached out to help the girl straighten her wet hair.

Her white fingertips brushed against the cold cheek, providing a delicate warmth.

"Get up," she said.

Xia Ge didn't move.

Gu Peijiu asked, "Still don't want to move?"

Xia Ge looked uneasy and glanced at the frog floating in the puddle. "You should go find the master."

There was no response for a while, but the paper umbrella above her head still held firm against the rain and wind.

Xia Ge raised her head. "You... why haven't you left yet?"

Before she could finish her sentence, the scene suddenly changed. The ink-black edge of the paper umbrella covered the sky, and the girl's embrace was warm. Xia Ge suddenly widened her eyes, only to see Gu Peijiu's slender white neck.

For a moment, Xia Ge's mind went blank.

She was soaked through...

When she finally reacted and tried to struggle out of Gu Peijiu's embrace, Gu Peijiu scolded, "Don't move."

Xia Ge stiffened and stopped moving.

Gu Peijiu held the umbrella with one hand and hugged her with the other.

She's so light.

Gu Peijiu thought, she's so thin and small.

Feeling a little uncertain, Xia Ge slowly shrunk into her embrace and spoke softly like a mosquito. "Should I still not bring anything to the master?"

"It doesn't matter." Gu Peijiu paused and asked, "Where do you want to go?"

Xia Ge looked at the raindrops falling outside the umbrella, feeling a little confused and absent-minded. "The Rain God Temple."
Gu Peijiu raised an eyebrow, "Rain God Temple?"

Xia Ge suddenly snapped out of her thoughts and smiled, "I want to go to the Rain God Temple to pray for more rain."

"Right now?" Gu Peijiu asked.

Xia Ge joked, "I'm driving..."

Gu Peijiu suddenly said, "Okay."

Xia Ge panicked and struggled in Gu Peijiu's arms, "No, I don't want to go!"

She buried her head, "I have a headache, I have a fever, I'm uncomfortable, I don't want to go."

The sound of raindrops falling on the umbrella was crisp, like elves dancing on the umbrella.

The deliberately lowered voice of the young man, who had been holding on strong, finally revealed a bit of a girl's softness. The girl's refusal sounded like a singing lark in the rain, pleasant and light.

Gu Peijiu silently waited for her to stop struggling in her arms and finish her refusal before softly saying, "Then let's not go."

Xia Ge said, "...put me down."

Gu Peijiu asked, "Don't you want to move?"

Seeing Xia Ge momentarily speechless, Gu Peijiu's lips curved into a small smile.

"If not to the Rain God Temple, where do you want to go?" she asked.

Xia Ge pinched her clothes and didn't dare to say anything, whispering, "Just...go back."

Gu Peijiu asked, "Still feeling uncomfortable?"

Xia Ge said, "...not uncomfortable anymore, I feel great."

Gu Peijiu replied with a sound of agreement, "Okay, I'll take you back."

As they walked in the gentle rain, Xia Ge didn't dare to look at Gu Peijiu's face, but in the warm embrace of the girl, she looked at the misty rain and the beautiful ink paper umbrella above her head. Her thoughts were scattered, and she didn't know what to do.

When they arrived, Gu Peijiu put her down, opened the door for her, and said, "Change your clothes and take a shower."
After a pause, the person said, "You don't have to come to the evening class."

Xia Ge responded with an "oh."

Gu Peijiu held her umbrella and looked at the girl who was still lowering her head, with raindrops still falling on her hair. After a while, she said, "Rest well."

Xia Ge looked up at Gu Peijiu, who had gotten her clothes wet from the rain while holding the umbrella for her.

The two of them were silent for a while.

After hesitating for a while, Xia Ge said honestly, "Senior, your clothes are wet."

Gu Peijiu shook her head and said, "It's okay."

Xia Ge thanked her politely, "Thank you, senior."

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, as if she had heard something strange.

After a while, she restrained the deep color in her eyes and said, "Rest well. I'm going to deliver something."

After speaking, she opened her umbrella and slowly disappeared into the heavy rain.

Suddenly, Xia Ge said, "Senior, please be careful."

The wind and rain made Xia Ge's words somewhat unclear in the rain. Gu Peijiu stopped for a moment, and her red hairband danced lightly with her black hair. Then she lifted her foot and left.

But her footsteps slowed down a bit.

The figure of the girl in the red maple-colored clothes slowly disappeared until she could no longer be seen. All that could be seen was the color of the mountain and the misty rain.

"Her embrace was really warm," Xia Ge thought.

The system said, "Host."

Xia Ge said, "Hmm?"

The system said, "Could you please turn your head about forty-five degrees to the right?"
The copper mirror on the dressing table reflected a faint light, revealing a person with wet hair and clothes clinging to their body as if they had been pulled out of the water, looking like a drowned rat.

Or maybe a wet dog.

The system mocked, "Oh, how beautiful."

Xia Ge stared at herself in the mirror, "..."

She really looked like a fairy.

Suffocating.

She entered the room, quickly took off her clothes, took a shower, and changed into new clothes. Xia Ge lay in bed, covered her head with the blanket, but the feeling of wanting to dig a trench and hide in it still lingered.

She wrapped her face in the blanket.

"Wuwuwu, how could I be so embarrassing..."

The system was incredulous, "...you actually know what embarrassment is?"

Xia Ge stiffened slightly and after a while, "Mind your own business."

Xia Ge rolled around in bed a few times, venting her frustration. After rolling around, she felt a little dizzy.

Xia Ge murmured, "...why do I feel a little dizzy?"

"Is it because Senior Sister is too beautiful?" Xia Ge said, "That's why I'm so dizzy and disoriented."

The system helped her check her body.

A moment later.

"Host, I regret to inform you that it's not because you're dizzy and disoriented from being enchanted, you have water in your head and are going to have a fever."

Xia Ge: "Oh."

...that's really unfortunate.

Midnight.

She really did have a fever.
Xia Ge felt her head heavy and dizzy, with a throbbing headache. She couldn't open her eyes or speak.

Xiao Kui said, "You brought this upon yourself."

Xia Ge wanted to say something, but when she opened her mouth, nothing came out. Her throat hurt.

"I thought I could tough it out," Xia Ge said.

"You were able to before because Ye Ze was there," Xiao Kui said. "But now there's no one to take care of you."

"I'm sorry, I've been busy lately and forgot," Xia Ge said.

Xia Ge's head was muddled and she couldn't distinguish what else Xiao Kui said. The weight and fatigue of her body dragged her down, sinking her lower and lower until she lost consciousness.

---

In the Qianhun Palace, a blood-red carpet led from outside to inside. The palace was exquisitely decorated with flying eaves and painted beams, and on the jade throne sat a young girl with black hair draped over her shoulders. She wore a red robe that was as bright as a blooming blood lotus, which made her pale skin look even more delicate. Her narrow eyes were slightly raised at the corners, and beneath her thick lashes, her black pupils reflected the flickering candlelight in the palace, giving her an eerie appearance.

On the blood-red carpet, a child in white stood with his head down, too scared to speak.

"Baizhi," the girl said lazily. "You can't even capture one Gu Peiju with three thousand puppet soldiers."

Baizhi kept his head down.

"I asked you to send someone to rescue the former priestess a month ago, and you're telling me..." Su Chan lowered her head and played with her nails. After a while, she raised her head with a smirk. "You still haven't even obtained the key?"

Baizhi broke out in a cold sweat. "There were some unexpected complications..."

"Tsk." Su Chan chuckled. "How interesting. Why is it that everything you do always has some sort of complication?"

"Please punish me, Master," Baizhi said, sweating profusely. "Please give me another chance..."
"Is it the eyes or the ears?" Su Chan propped her chin with one hand, tilted her head and smiled innocently, "Either one is fine."

Bai Zhi remained silent for a moment before answering, "The eyes."

Su Chan made a sound of agreement and smiled lightly, "Go ahead and do it yourself then."

With the punishment decided, Bai Zhi felt relieved and said, "Understood."

He got up and hesitated for a moment, as if he had remembered something, "Leader..."

Su Chan asked, "Hmm?"

Bai Zhi said, "The scouts reported that there seems to be a puppeteer in Lingxi Mountain."

Su Chan's expression remained unchanged, "Oh?"

Bai Zhi continued, "I don't know if the information is accurate, but the scouts said... he was distracted by the little puppet for a whole month and didn't notice anything wrong. Even this plan failed because he was trapped by the puppeteer's little puppet when he was trying to steal the key."

"But thanks to this, we found out that our scouts have been under surveillance all along." Bai Zhi said.

The self-destruction of the little puppet awakened the controlled Bai Ren, and he became more alert.

Su Chan narrowed her eyes slightly, "I see."

Bai Zhi hesitated for a moment and asked, "May I ask what the leader plans to do?"

Su Chan's voice was lazy and did not answer him, "Go and receive your punishment."

Bai Zhi said, "Yes."

After saying goodbye, only the girl in the red dress remained in the hall.

Lingxi Peak, puppeteer, little puppet, and killing the spy.

It was indeed an exciting plan of deception.

Su Chan's jade hand reached into her chest and gently stroked the warm bone flute inside for a while.

"Bring them in."

Three black figures rushed into the hall, their faces covered, kneeling on one knee in front of Su Chan. The aura of evil was overflowing, making them look extremely sinister.
"Find out who that puppet master is," Su Chan commanded.

The leader of the group hesitated and asked, "Master, what should we do once we find out?"

Su Chan chuckled lightly, her eyes gentle and voice lazy. "Do I really need to tell you? Although it's interesting, since they're blocking our path, we might as well kill them."

"Understood!"

The three of them set off to carry out the order.

The night grew darker.

Su Chan paused for a moment, finally taking out the bone flute from her arms. Her long eyelashes trembled slightly as she caressed it for a while.

In the end, she put it back into her arms, dressed in red like a lotus, and remained silent.

Whether it was a pitiful skeleton or a god-like demon, it was all meaningless to that person.
