Huobai is indeed a bit strange.

Whether it's going to brothels and only confessing his love to Xia Wuyin after sleeping together... No, the cause and effect here are not important.

Mao Qing put the book away. She had just seen Xia Ge leave, it seemed like he was heading back.

Shouldn't she say goodbye to Huobai before he leaves?

Both morally and logically... it seems like she should say goodbye.

Mao Qing thought for a moment and closed the book. Although the other party might not like peppermint candy anymore?

Even if he doesn't like it, he has to like it.

After all, the only thing she knows about Huobai's preferences is this.

= =

Ice-cold all over, even the sunshine couldn't warm her up.

Xia Ge's pupils dilated and his gaze became unfocused.

Gu Peiju immediately noticed that something was wrong with Xia Ge. "What's wrong with you?"

There were scattered flower petals at the girl's feet, and she looked as if she had heard something terrible. Her face was pale, and her eyes were blank as if she didn't know what was going on.

It seemed like she was very afraid of something, trembling all over, but didn't know what she was afraid of.

Xia Ge: "I... don't know..."

Gu Peiju couldn't help but reach out and touch her head.

The soft black hair was filled with the scent of sunshine. The little girl's face still looked terrible. She looked up at Gu Peiju, and her deep pupils were devoid of light. Gu Peiju's heart trembled slightly, and she lowered her hand on her head, using a bit of force to pull the little girl into her arms.

"Then don't think about it." Gu Peiju's voice sounded softly in her ear. "Why did you come to find me?"

This embrace was very warm.

As if it could contain all the anxiety and fear, washing away all the cold and harshness.

A moment of warmth and blooming.
Xia Ge slowly clenched her collar and buried her head in Gu Peijiu's chest, murmuring, "...Wuyi Mountain."

Her voice was too small and muffled, and Gu Peijiu couldn't hear clearly. She asked, "What?"

Xia Ge slowly loosened her grip on her collar, and after a long time, she raised her head and looked at Gu Peijiu. "Where is Wuyi Mountain?"

Almost as soon as she finished speaking, Gu Peijiu's body trembled, her pupils suddenly dilated, but she quickly steadied her breath and whispered, "...You said, Wuyi Mountain?"

Xia Ge looked at her in confusion. "Senior sister, what's wrong with you?"

Gu Peijiu said, "Huh?"

Xia Ge said, "Your face looks terrible... Did I say something wrong?"

Gu Peijiu said, "No."

Xia Ge said, "Then is Wuyi Mountain a bad place?"

Gu Peijiu quickly said, "No."

This "no" was spoken quickly and urgently, with a sense of panic.

For the first time, Xia Ge saw a hint of pain in her eyes. She blacked out for a moment, but Gu Peijiu pressed her head against her chest and said, "...It's not a bad place."

"Then why do you look so sad, senior sister?" Xia Ge asked. "Is there something special about that place?"

Gu Peijiu remained silent for a while and didn't answer. She just asked, "Where did you hear about this mountain?"

Suddenly, the system said, "{Don't say you learned about it from a piece of paper.}"

Xia Ge: "{Huh? Why?}"

System: "{No matter who it is, the fewer people who know about that piece of paper, the better.}"

Xia Ge: "{But...}"

System: "{Reward points, oh.}"

Xia Ge: "{Deal.}"

Xia Ge said, "I saw it in a book in the library..." on a piece of paper tucked in the cover.
"It was found inside."

Well, selective concealment is the way to go. Yes, that's it. Selective concealment, not deception.

"That should be a very old book." Gu Peijiu covered the unusual color in her eyes and whispered, "Are you here to ask me about Wuyi Mountain?"

Xia Ge murmured, "Um...I'm a little curious, but I don't know who to ask."

"There is no more Wuyi Mountain now." Gu Peijiu said.

Xia Ge was stunned and raised his head. "What?"

"A long, long time ago, there was indeed a mountain named Wuyi, located on the coast of the East China Sea." Gu Peijiu lowered her eyes and whispered, "But later, there were frequent wars and some...unexpected events, which attracted countless evil spirits to invade the human world, and ghosts ran rampant, causing suffering to the people."

Xia Ge was curious. "Unexpected events?"

Gu Peijiu murmured, "It's not possible to know the specifics."

"What about Wuyi Mountain?"

"It is said that an immortal turned Wuyi Mountain into a magic weapon, suppressing countless evil ghosts under the mountain, which was named the Mountain of Evil Spirits, hidden among the clouds and seas. Since then, there has been no Wuyi Mountain in the world, only the Mountain of Evil Spirits, which exists only in legends."

Xia Ge was stunned upon hearing this. "Clouds and seas? Mountain of Evil Spirits?"

So, the former Wuyi Mountain is now the Mountain of Evil Spirits...hidden among the clouds and seas? Clouds and seas? Where is that?

"Does Senior Sister know where the Mountain of Evil Spirits is now?" Xia Ge raised his head and grabbed Gu Peijiu's clothes, asking.

Gu Peijiu frowned and whispered, "No one knows now."

"Why?" Xia Ge was disappointed.

"Because the Mountain of Evil Spirits is no longer just a mountain." Gu Peijiu's voice was faint. "It can move."

"Move?" Xia Ge asked.

"Yes, no one knows when and where it will appear." Gu Peijiu said.

Why does it sound so similar to the operation of the White Dream Cave? Do caves, holes, and mountains all visit each other these days? It's really suffocating.
Xia Ge: "How can I find it?"

Gu Peijiu let go of her and patted her head, but didn't say anything.

The clue that was so hard to find, is it going to end here?

If it's so difficult to find, why bother looking for the upgrade of the soul-suppressing bell? Why not just spend the time finding more materials to practice advanced puppets and upgrade directly?

The more she tries to take advantage, the more she loses.

But giving up like this is really unwilling.

The system said, "I may not have made it clear before...cough, as long as you find the soul-suppressing bell, no matter what level you are, you can directly jump up one level."

"It's a level, a level, not a grade!"

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge: {You didn't say that before.}

The system's voice drifted, "Anyway, you can't find it for a while, so it doesn't matter if I tell you now or later."

And the lower Xia Ge's level, the easier it is for it to upgrade. On the contrary, if Xia Ge's level is higher, it is afraid that it will be struck by lightning when upgrading.

This is also the reason why it selectively concealed it before.

But now the host is about to lose her fighting spirit...well, if you want the donkey to pull the cart, you have to hang more carrots. Cough, there's no way.

Puppeteers are divided into levels, and each level is divided into grades. The levels are puppet apprentice, puppeteer, puppet master, puppet grandmaster, and puppet god, five levels in total.

Each level has three small grades: upper, middle, and lower.

Before, Xia Ge was an apprentice puppeteer, and now she is a middle-level puppeteer. If she gets the soul-suppressing bell now, she can directly upgrade to a middle-level puppet grandmaster, almost like cheating.

But Xia Ge always feels that with the system's deceptive nature, it can't be that simple.

"Thank you, Senior Sister." Xia Ge bent down to pick up the flower branch on the ground, and after thinking for a while, she whispered, "Senior Sister just now...did you mean...the evil ghost tide?"

The three words "evil ghost tide" were difficult to say even if they were simple.

Gu Peijiu paused, "Yesterday, Jianfeng said that Kuzhu Village encountered the evil ghost tide. Jianfeng and Shoufeng have already sent disciples to go there, it's considered a trial."
Xia Ge was taken aback. "What about Dan Feng...?"

"You don't have to worry about that," Gu Peiju interrupted. "Think more about your mid-term exams."

Xia Ge tugged at her sleeve. "...Are you going alone?"

Gu Peiju made a sound of agreement. "When I'm not at Dan Feng, don't cause any trouble."

Xia Ge said, "Actually, I can..." go.

Gu Peiju looked into her eyes and suddenly cut her off. "You can't."

Xia Ge was caught off guard, and all her efforts were shattered in those pitch-black eyes, fragile like rusty iron that could collapse with a light touch.

...Yes, she couldn't.

She was afraid.

But...

Xia Ge said, "But I can't always be afraid of these things. I..."

She forced a smile. "I will have to face them someday."

Gu Peiju looked at her for a while, just as Xia Ge was about to stop smiling and look away.

The girl in the red and white maple leaf dress sighed softly, gently holding Xia Ge's face and turning her gaze towards her.

"When you say 'someday'."

"It won't be today, nor will it be tomorrow."

Xia Ge was stunned, her heart beating fast. After a while, she looked at her in confusion. "Senior sister...?"

Gu Peiju's voice was low. "What I mean is..."

"With me here, that day will never come."

==

Xia Ge left.
Translation:

Bixi entered and asked with concern, "Miss, are you sure you want to go alone?"

Gu Peijiu responded with a sound of agreement.

Bixi said, "Before this, you wanted to bring Xia Wuyin with you, right?"

Gu Peijiu stacked the completed files and suddenly, a soft petal floated down from the pages of the file, landing silently on the rosewood table.

Gu Peijiu stared at the petal for a long time before saying softly, "She's just starting to cultivate her spiritual energy, she doesn't know anything. Bringing her along would be useless."

Although she said this, her eyes were fixed on the small pink flower on the table. After a while, she picked it up and held it gently in her hand.

...It's so small.

Too small.

So she just wanted to hold it in her hand.

To protect it in her embrace.

Without encountering thorns or being harmed by wind and rain.

Bixi said, "Ah...Danfeng has no one left. Miss, the Evil Ghost Tide is dangerous, so please be careful."

Gu Peijiu held the soft petal in her palm and looked at the blooming oleanders outside the window, "Hmm, I know."

The oleanders outside the window were in full bloom.

Oleanders were beautiful plants, but the more beautiful they were, the more poisonous they were.

Gu Peijiu withdrew her gaze and thought of the doll around the girl's waist. After a while, she said slowly, "Bixi."

Bixi asked, "Miss?"

Gu Peijiu took out a red token from a black velvet box on the bookshelf and said, "Please deliver this for me."

Bixi widened her eyes and said, "Miss, this is..." 

"..."
"Remember to give it to her."
