Xia Ge suddenly looked up. She was in a private room and could see below through the glass window. Once a guest in the private room made a bid, the spiritual formation in the upper right corner of the window would light up with the guest's number, prompting them to bid.

As the private rooms were random, no one except the organizers knew the identity of the owner of the private room.

At the window opposite her, the spiritual formation on the private room was already glowing!

Ten million high-grade spirit stones!?

What a fortune!

When this sky-high price was called out, the entire auction fell silent for a second. The voices of the colorful cloak people below became more excited, "Ten million once!"

"Ten million twice!"

"Ten million three times - sold!!"

"Congratulations to guest number 33!!"

Xia Ge stared at the private room with the glowing number, listening to the insincere voice of the host below, and couldn't help but sneer. Congratulations? What was there to congratulate? Congratulations on the other party buying fake goods or congratulations on the other party being targeted by the demonic cult?

Whoever bought this would be plagued with bad luck for eight generations.

But it was none of her business. She had more important things to worry about than the big shot who waved ten million high-grade spirit stones. She should worry about the wanted posters for herself on the black market.

Xia Ge picked up the fox mask and cloak, put them on, and her stomach still ached. She took a deep breath and turned around, only to see the pill on the ground.

She thought for a moment, picked up the pill, and a hint of green light flickered in her eyes.

[Pain Relief Pill * Mysterious: A pain relief pill refined by an excellent alchemist. Whether it's an arm or leg, broken heart, headache or "period pain," taking it will immediately relieve the pain.]

What was "period pain"?

And why were the words "period pain" bolded?

Xia Ge: "Xiao Kui, did you write this description?"

The system replied seriously, "I wrote it in simple and plain language so that you would understand."

Xia Ge: "It's very much in your style."

Simple and plain, yet full of cheapness.
Xia Ge picked up the pill from the ground and looked up at the closed door, feeling a bit complicated.

Who was that person? Did she know her? Why was she so kind to her? Could it be someone she knew?

But as she recalled, there was no one she knew who had a reason to be so kind to her.

Ye Ze? Ye Ze was at Sword Peak and couldn't possibly have the time to come down. Besides, it seemed like that person was a woman...

A woman...could it be Senior Sister? Mao Qing?

Thinking of Senior Sister, Xia Ge felt even more headache. There was no reason for her to be kind to Xia Ge, especially since Xia Ge had promised Senior Sister to enter the top three, but ended up failing to even make it to the top six in the Dan Peak entrance competition. Moreover...

Would Senior Sister, such a person, come to a place like the black market? Could she sit at a stall in the little black market for an afternoon without changing her expression?

Thinking of the dismal business they both faced that afternoon, Xia Ge stopped thinking. No, don't think about it anymore, her character would collapse.

Mao Qing...if Mao Qing had this ability, she wouldn't have been bullied by the people at Sword Peak, right?

But there didn't seem to be anyone else.

Xia Ge looked at the pill in her hand, thinking until her head and stomach hurt. Finally, she sighed, "Anyway, whoever you are...consider these pills a debt I owe you."

As she was about to swallow the pill, the red ribbon wrapped around her left hand suddenly moved and with a "whoosh," snatched the pill from her right hand.

Xia Ge's hand was empty, and she was stunned, looking at the red ribbon tied in a bow and the pill in its "hand." "What are you doing?"

The red ribbon had used one of its bowtails to snatch her pill. Upon hearing Xia Ge's words, it cautiously used the other bowtail to wipe and clean the pill before presenting it to her with both bowtails, as if offering a treasure.

It seemed that because the pill had been dropped by Xia Ge earlier, the red ribbon wanted to help her clean it.

Xia Ge: "..."

The system sighed, "It's really useful."

For some reason, looking at the thin red ribbon holding the pill and looking at her, Xia Ge felt even more pain in her stomach.

The red ribbon saw that she was not moving and anxiously offered the pill to her again.
Xia Ge didn't want to waste time, so she took the elixir and swallowed it. The elixir dissolved in her mouth, and a warm sensation spread throughout her body, instantly relieving the pain and discomfort.

Xia Ge pushed open the door to find no one outside. The cloaked figure had really left.

She touched the fox mask on her face and couldn't quite understand her own feelings. Although the other party's intentions were mysterious and unclear, as she had said, there seemed to be no malice towards her.

"But if you're good to me, do I have to be good to you?" Xia Ge muttered to herself, trying to convince herself. "Where in this world is there such a fair thing?"

"If I meet you again, I'll definitely repay you."

The red ribbon brushed against her.

"Do you have a name?" Xia Ge asked.

The red ribbon wagged its tail.

The system said, "This is a clone that was torn off directly from a very powerful Yimei, but ordinary Yimei clones don't have their own consciousness, unless the Yimei puts their soul on this clone. But as long as that Yimei isn't stupid, they wouldn't do that. This one... seems to be a self-generated soul?"

Xia Ge raised her hand. "What are you?"

Of course, the red ribbon couldn't speak, it just brushed against her.

The system said, "Yimei all have their own names, either the name they had in life or the name given to them by their first owner. Once a Yimei has a name, it will only accept that name for the rest of its life and won't easily change it."

"You can try giving it a name. If it rejects the name you give it, it means it's the soul of the original powerful Yimei. If it accepts it, it means it's a newly born soul that hasn't yet found a master, parasitic on this Yimei."

Xia Ge looked at the red ribbon.

The red ribbon quickly curled up and, under Xia Ge's gaze, bunched up like a shy plant.

Xia Ge: "..." Why are you shy?!

Full of malice, Xia Ge said, "Hey, doggie?"

The red ribbon didn't move.

"Hey, little brat?"

The red ribbon seemed to twitch, then immediately played dead, as if afraid that Xia Ge would think it had responded.
Silent refusal.

System: "...if the name doesn't match the aesthetic of Yimeilingpo, it will also refuse."

Xia Ge: "A red ribbon has an aesthetic?"

System: "I also think it doesn't have an aesthetic, otherwise how could it have chosen you?"

Xia Ge: "...just shut up."

After all the fuss, Xia Ge still couldn't think of a good name that would meet the aesthetic of the red ribbon, so she gave up. She didn't really want to keep this Yimei, because wearing it always reminded her of the cloak man who made her feel a little uncomfortable.

It wasn't uncomfortable because the cloak man was bad, but because...he was too good.

So, she wasn't used to it.

Anyway, once she left the black market, no one would know who she was. Xia Ge comforted herself that no one would recognize anyone at that time. She would secretly tie the ribbon to the deep mountains and forests and slip away. Who could find her?

The fake Town Soul below, Huo Bai was a double-edged sword, the medicine was sold, the materials were bought, this trip to the black market was quite fruitful, as for buying fake goods, the customer who lost blood in Town Soul waved his hand and was a big shot with a million high-grade spirit stones. It was probably unnecessary for her, a poor little henchman who felt like a windfall with a hundred medium-grade spirit stones, to worry about being a good Samaritan.

Xia Ge collected herself and hid her left hand under the cloak, striding out of the elegant room.

The hottest Town Soul auction had been sold, and the audience's interest had been completely aroused. The colorful cloak person also began to auction off other items.

At the same time, Room 33.

"Young master..."

In the exquisitely decorated room, a young man in black clothes with a heavy sword on his back sat casually in a chair with his legs crossed and his arms around his shoulders. Beside him was a middle-aged servant in hemp clothes with an iron knife, who carefully said, "The things you wanted have been packed and sent over there."

"There should be more fun things downstairs." The young man's mouth curled up. "I don't want to leave. You take that thing back for me, be careful not to lose it - watch out for your head!"

"Ah... young master, that thing..." The hemp-clothed servant was suddenly at a loss. "Should we have the old master send someone to get it..."

"I told you to take it back with you, so take it back with you! Where did all this nonsense come from?" The young man suddenly stood up, and the heavy sword on his back suddenly came out of its sheath. The jet-black sword was two feet wide and its blade was sharp, straight and horizontal in front of the servant's neck!

The servant was so frightened that he fell to his knees. "Young master spare my life, young master spare my life!"

The young man sneered, "You keep saying 'old master' this and 'old master' that, who the f*ck is your master?"

"Young master, it's young master!" The servant trembled with fear. At this moment, someone knocked on the door of the elegant room. The young man put away his sword and said, "Go and open the door!"
The servant stood up, and opened the door. Outside, a white-clothed man with a black mask carried a black cloth prison containing the "Town Soul". His voice was low and hoarse, "Guest, please take your merchandise." The servant trembled as he received the "Town Soul" that was taken by the black cloth prison. The eyes behind the black mask of the white-clothed man were lifeless, "Sorry for the trouble." After speaking, he turned around and left, thoughtfully closing the door. 

The young man carried a heavy sword on his back, and with one hand he picked up the black cloth prison from behind the servant. His narrow eyes showed a hint of disdain, "A clothing demon that can be locked up in a black cloth prison is also an ancient clothing demon?" The servant standing next to him did not dare to speak. The young man lost interest after looking at it for a while, and casually threw the "Town Soul" in the black cloth prison to the servant, "Since that old man likes ancient clothing demons so much, consider it a gift from his son. Take it away." The servant did not move, and the young man glared at him, "What are you standing there for? Hurry up and go!" 

The servant felt bitter in his heart, and hurriedly left the room with the black cloth prison, wearing his own mask and cloak. No one noticed the small gap deliberately torn open in the black cloth prison that sealed the "Town Soul". 

After the person left, the young man hummed, propped up his legs, and flipped through the book of goods sent by the black market. He turned to the last page and raised his eyebrows slightly. "Tian Dou child prostitute?" 

In another room, White Blade played with the puppet doll in his hand. His black mask was casually pushed up, revealing his black eyes and pale cheeks. He looked down at the person below and smirked. "Has it been delivered?" The person below was the one who had delivered the "Town Soul" to Room 33. He whispered, "It seems that the guest in that room has sent someone to take the "Town Soul" away..." 

"Then find a way to kill him and take the item back." White Blade sneered, his voice sinister and fierce. "Do I need to teach you how to do it?!" 

The person below hesitated for a few seconds, and finally whispered, "I broke the black cloth prison..." White Blade's hand holding the puppet doll suddenly tightened, and he stood up abruptly and kicked the person away. "What did you say?!" The white-clothed man fell back and said in a sorry state, "I didn't do my job properly, please punish me, Lord."
Bairen tightly held the puppet doll for a while before slowly releasing his grip.

"It's okay like this," he murmured, as if he had just thought of something. A faint smile appeared on his lips. "The more chaos, the better. It's best for everyone to know that Town Spirit has appeared."

"Keep an eye on him and inform me of any movements."

"Take back the clothes before he leaves the black market."

"Yes!"

Meanwhile, Xia Ge sneaked out of the elegant room and encountered many controlled corpses along the way. They were obviously staff members of the black market, cowering and searching for someone.

"Pay attention to everyone who is five or six feet tall and wearing a bronze mask!" The tallest corpse with a sharp voice was probably the leader. It gathered the puppets at the door and said, "Be sure to watch out!"

Xia Ge tiptoed past the corpse and walked towards the auction door without changing her expression. There was a curse-infused baby puppet in front of the corpse. When it saw Xia Ge, who was wearing a fox mask, trying to leave, it looked at her height and felt something was off. "Boss, that one is a bit short..."

The corpse turned its head and saw Xia Ge.

It was then that Xia Ge realized that the corpse was wearing a rat mask with a thief's expression. When it saw her, it suddenly stepped back a step, "I'm sorry!"

Xia Ge: "???"

The rat puppet corpse was cautious and said, "Are you not participating in the auction anymore? Are you leaving?"

Xia Ge nodded after a while, "Uh... yes."

"You can go now, take care." The rat puppet corpse rubbed its hands and considerately opened the door for her.

Xia Ge walked out in a daze.

The cursed baby puppet spoke up, "Boss... that person is only five or six... feet..."

The rat puppet knocked its head, "Didn't you see the mask? Fool, it's a face made of blood and ink! Let her go!"

"Let's go, let's go, hurry up and search for people!"

As Xia Ge walked out, she touched her mask and wondered if it was an illusion, but she felt like the cloaked figure had helped her again.
Twisting and turning, it was smoother to get out than to come in. Xia Ge stepped on the red carpet and was about to see the light on the ground, but before she could feel happy, a strong and unmistakable smell of blood spread out.

Xia Ge stopped in her tracks, and the next moment, a chilling and terrifying pressure invaded her senses! Almost instinctively, her sickle flashed in her hand, and the next second, the sound of clashing metal was crisp! Xia Ge's hand was numb from the shock, and she took a step back. When she looked up, she saw that it was a person!

This person wore a mask that was shattered in half, and his eyes bulged out, bloodshot. His clothes were the strangest thing! He wore a blood-stained white shirt, and his cloak was wrapped inside it, as if... he had forcibly put the shirt that should have been inside the cloak outside the cloak! He held an ordinary iron sword, but he could clash with Xia Ge's sickle, and sparks flew. He was incredibly strong!

"Roar..."

This person roared, and the long sword in his hand suddenly exerted force! The blood-stained white shirt suddenly fluttered in the wind, and a powerful force suddenly burst onto the fragile iron sword!

In an instant, the sword's radiance swallowed up everything, as if it had the power of ten thousand catties!

Xia Ge couldn't resist it, and the long handle of her sickle suddenly bent and twisted. The sharp sickle blade hooked onto the man's shoulder, and with a clever move, she dodged the deadly blow while circling around him with the Ghost Shadow Illusion technique, pulling out a chain from the three sections of the sickle handle to bind him!

The sickle blade should have caused blood to flow three feet, but it hooked onto the white shirt and seemed to have hit an iron shirt, not hurting the man at all!

"Indeed a Cloth Demon!"

"Boom!"

The man swung a fierce sword aura at the stone behind Xia Ge, and the entire Black Rock Cave shook. The Mithril array on the stone wall suddenly lit up with a chilling light! The sound of the man's clothes fluttering and the sound of the chain from the sickle were faintly audible. Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly-

She heard the sound of the chain breaking inside the sickle!

"Whoosh!"

Xia Ge suddenly withdrew her sickle, kicked the man's back, and used the Ghost Shadow Illusion technique to rush out of the cave without hesitation!

"Roar!"

Without the restraint of the sickle chain, the Cloth Demon became even more rampant, controlling his body to chase after Xia Ge!

In the scene that passed by, Xia Ge saw the dead seller who had collected her money lying on the platform, wearing a toad mask. After rushing out of the Black Rock Cave, Xia Ge's movements were slightly sluggish, and the scene in front of her almost made her unable to breathe!

The seller who had just been selling things in a lively manner was now almost dead, with blood staining the white ground, and broken hands and feet everywhere!

Looking at the bloody scene in front of her, Xia Ge was almost paralyzed. The cold blade whistled in her ear, and the long blade in the Cloth Demon's hand was already pointing at her neck!

"Chirp!"

The red silk suddenly spread out from her left hand like a shower of petals, thickening and wrapping around the sharp blade, restraining the blade's momentum towards Xia Ge's neck!
A terrifying pressure suddenly dispersed as the two figures faced off against each other.

Xia Ge suddenly snapped back to reality, feeling her stomach churning. She suppressed the nausea and turned her head, only to see the figure retreating ten meters away. Half of its mask was stained with blood, and its iron knife was wrapped in a thick layer of red cloth, with one end of the cloth pulling the knife while the other end was wrapped around Xia Ge's left hand.

"These...were killed by you?" Xia Ge gritted her teeth, looking at the figure and tightly gripping the red cloth in her hand. "You killed them?!"

The person under the control of the figure laughed maniacally, a middle-aged man laughing in such a disgusting and eerie manner. "It wasn't me, it wasn't me, I don't kill people, I don't kill people--"

His bulging eyes suddenly turned and he screamed, "It was you who killed them! You forgot, you forgot hehehe--"

"How could you forget, how could you forget--" 

Xia Ge's veins bulged and she pulled the red cloth in her hand tightly. "You're talking nonsense!"

But before she could continue, the middle-aged man suddenly screamed, "It was you who killed them! You forgot!! You wore me and killed people! You forgot about me! I hate you!! I hate you--"

After the figure finished speaking, it suddenly pulled its knife out of the thick layer of red cloth. Although it was just an ordinary iron knife, it turned into an incredibly sharp blade in its hands. It laughed wildly and flew towards Xia Ge, attacking her.

"Quickly remember, quickly remember!"

"Quickly, wear me, wear me, and you'll remember how powerful you used to be! You wore me and killed so many people, everyone was trembling, crying, and begging you--"

"Stop talking nonsense!! Who the hell killed people?!" Xia Ge couldn't take it anymore and was about to swing her sickle, but suddenly heard clapping.

"So, the little thief who was eavesdropping is here."

A cold voice sounded, and Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted as she turned her head to see a figure not far away. The figure was wearing a cloak and a black smiling mask. The voice under the mask seemed to be laughing. "It turns out that it's true, when you search everywhere, you find nothing. But when you don't search, you find everything without any effort."

Yes, she had changed her clothes and mask, but...

The cloak, she hadn't changed it!

It wasn't listed on the wanted poster, and the other small fries couldn't recognize it, but the real master, White Blade, had arrived and recognized it!
"Clang!"

The iron sword was sharp and cold. Xia Ge quickly regained her senses and blocked the attack with her sickle. The iron blade and the sickle clashed, creating a brilliant spark. At the same time, countless people wearing white clothes and black masks surrounded her.

"Hurry up... Wear me, and you can kill them... Break out of here," said the sword spirit, controlling the middle-aged man. His bulging eyes were filled with greed, and his voice was tempting and seductive. "It doesn't matter if you forget, it doesn't matter. I don't hate you anymore. As long as you wear me, I will always serve you. I won't hate you anymore..."

"You can only rely on me to break out," the sword spirit continued. "Let me tell you... My name..."

The voice gradually became ethereal and eerie. Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly, feeling a little absent-minded. The sword spirit chuckled twice, "My name is-"

"Chirp!"

The sound of an arrow piercing through the air suddenly interrupted the sword spirit's words. Xia Ge suddenly came to her senses and saw an iron arrowhead protruding from the middle-aged man's forehead. A long feathered arrow, which she didn't know where it came from, had pierced through his head!

He opened his eyes wide, but he died without closing them.

However, the sword spirit was still trying to control him to speak, and the scene was extremely bizarre.

Xia Ge felt goosebumps all over her body. She swung her sickle and knocked the sword spirit's sword away, then kicked him away. "Get lost!"

She looked up and saw a cloaked figure wearing a bamboo hat not far away, calmly holding a longbow, the arrow pointing at her head. The breeze blew, and her black shadow looked subtle and indifferent.

... It's her again?!

The sword spirit suddenly became angry, and a bloody aura spread all over his body. He controlled the corpse with an arrow in his head and swung his long sword towards Xia Ge. "You don't know what's good for you!"

Xia Ge didn't care. She used her Ghost Shadow technique and rushed into a black rock cave, regardless of who suddenly shot the arrow. She only had Xia Ge, the thief who eavesdropped on secrets, in her eyes. The shooter sneered, "I'll see where you can run! Chase her!"

People chased after her from behind!

Xia Ge suddenly pulled out a red silk ribbon from her left hand, which multiplied into a hundred. With a sweep, she tied the legs of the masked people who were chasing her tightly.

"What the hell is this?!"

"I'm tied up!"

"Chase her!"
Answering them were countless arrows that came through the air!

"Ah--"

"..."

"Who?!"

White Blade suddenly turned around, countless paper blades slipping from his hand, but the hooded figure holding the bow just moved slightly, and the next second, the whole person disappeared without a trace! The paper blades hit nothing, and White Blade's pupils shrank slightly. When he turned back, the mysterious figure and the eavesdropping thief were gone!

"Damn it!"

White Blade almost exploded with anger. "Useless, all useless!!"

The useless ones were lying on the ground, their legs bound with red silk ribbons nowhere to be found, replaced by long arrows that killed with a single blow, no longer breathing.

He cursed at the few people behind him who hadn't had time to act, "What are you doing standing there?! Go chase after them!! Search for them!! Don't you all have eyes?!"

Meanwhile, the hooded figure was carrying the clothed figure wrapped in bright red silk, entering Black Rock Cave and finding a hidden place to remove the red silk from the person's mouth.

The clothed figure was tied up like a zongzi, and as soon as it was released, it said, "Hey, who are you--"

The hooded figure's voice was calm. "What's your name?"

This garment made her particularly uneasy.

"Who are you?! Why should I tell you my name just because you ask? Of course, if you can give me your life--" Its voice was hoarse, with greed, "that's not impossible--"

Answering it was a cold finger on the arrowhead at its heart.

The clothed figure suddenly wasn't as arrogant. "How do you know about my heart?!"

"I don't know." The hooded figure's voice was cold. "I also want to know why I know."

Why did seeing this clothed figure give her a chilling sense of familiarity, as if she knew every inch of it?

"Tell me your name." The hooded figure's voice was icy. "Otherwise, I'll kill you."

The clothed figure trembled, suddenly noticing the red silk ribbon binding it, and the next moment, it screamed, "It's you--?! It's you, hahaha, it's you--! I'll tell you, I'll tell you who I am, hahaha--!"
The cloaked figure's voice remained unchanged, "Who are you?"

His voice was harsh and malicious, every word enunciated clearly.

"I am called Huoming."

The cloaked figure's gaze turned icy, and in the next moment, the tip of an arrow pierced through Huoming's heart, and she screamed as she shattered into pieces. "You can't kill me - you can't kill me, hahaha-"

She silently gazed at the white fragments on the ground, a strange chill rising in her heart.

= =

Meanwhile, Xiage Guoying ran into a black rock cave, stumbling around like a headless fly. She turned a corner and suddenly came face to face with the white-masked person chasing her!

"Haha, I knew you'd come this way!" The person across from her laughed. "These caves are all connected, where do you think you can run?"

Xiage turned around, and the white-clothed people chasing her had caught up!

With both sides closing in, cold sweat began to form on Xiage's forehead. She quickly scanned her surroundings and saw a red carpet on the ground, as red as blood. The overlapping formations on the walls emitted a faint glow -

A formation?!

Xiage quickly put her sickle away into her silver ring, then turned around and stomped hard on the secret formation on the wall!

She had seen this formation before, and it seemed to have a teleportation effect!

That's why there was a warning not to step on the formation!

But... it needed spiritual power to activate!

"Haha, what is he doing?"

"What a fool, does he think he can activate it just by stomping on it? Hahaha, how stupid -"

"Get him!"

A long sword was swung viciously towards her, and Xiage gritted her teeth and dodged to the side. The blade cut through the black rope that tied up her hair, and her soft black hair fell down. Xiage couldn't worry about that now, she quickly recited the spiritual gathering spell in her hand. She had just entered the inner door and didn't know how to use spiritual power yet, the only place she had ever encountered it was in the ancient spiritual formation of the furnace!

Just before she was about to be surrounded and killed, Xiage quickly finished reciting the spiritual gathering spell!

In the next moment, the wild spiritual energy condensed in the small cave, and the formation beneath her feet suddenly lit up with an almost blinding silver light. Everyone was stunned, and by the time they came to their senses, Xiage had vanished.
"Damn it!"

"Where does this formation on the wall lead to?!"

"This spiritual energy... it can actually activate the formation on the wall?! This is a ground-level teleportation formation!!"

"No need to ask where it leads to! This formation directly leads to the goods! The auction below is still going on, don't let this guy ruin everything!!"

"Quick, chase after him!!"

The ground spun and the sky turned.

Just as Xia Ge was about to collapse, she activated her Ghost Shadow technique, flipped in mid-air, and landed steadily. She took a deep breath, smoothed out her messy black hair, and looked around.

It was a long corridor with empty, snow-white walls. There were several red-painted wooden doors on the walls. She walked over and listened carefully, but there was silence behind each door. All the doors were tightly closed. She walked past each one, pushing them open one by one. The corridor twisted and turned, seeming to have no end, and all the doors were closed.

When she reached the last wooden door, she saw that it was slightly ajar. Xia Ge was slightly surprised. This one... was open?

Just as Xia Ge was pondering, she suddenly heard voices. "The teleportation formation leads to this place, search quickly!"

"You've got some nerve! How dare you come here! If even one of the auction items is missing, I'll make sure he knows what it means to never come back!"

"Keep your voice down! The auction is still going on ahead..."

The bustling sound of footsteps approached. Without hesitation, Xia Ge pushed open the door and rushed in!

The next moment, Xia Ge felt like she was blinded.

It was dazzling.

On the wall were clothes, all kinds of clothes, from red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, to sequined and non-sequined, a pile of shoes and hats, but all of them were small in size, like children's clothing.

For a moment, Xia Ge thought she had accidentally stumbled into a shop selling ancient children's clothing.

An indescribable fragrance filled the room, and Xia Ge's eyes were blinded at first, then she couldn't help but sneeze. She reluctantly moved her eyes away from the dazzling clothes and saw a beautiful and delicate tooth bed with a soft curtain hanging down, and a dressing table beside it.

Wait a minute!

Xia Ge had a sudden realization and instinctively looked at the clothes, dressing table, and tooth bed...

"If even one of the auction items is missing..."
"...... Tian Du child prostitute!"

The pursuers outside the door were still bustling, "No! But he definitely can't escape! He must have gone to the warehouse!"

"Open the door one by one and search for him!"

Is this the room of a Tian Du child prostitute?!

Where is the child prostitute?

The voices outside seemed to be getting closer and closer. Xia Ge gritted her teeth and didn't care anymore. There was no time!!

Xia Ge activated her Ghostly Shadow technique, quickly tore off a piece of clothing from the wall and crawled into the bed. Then she stuffed all her clothes, masks, and cloaks into the Flowing Silver Ring, and began to figure out how to dress up.

The one she randomly picked up was a reddish-brown wide-sleeved long skirt. Xia Ge put it on directly. It was said that the child prostitute was only ten years old, but Xia Ge unexpectedly fit into her dress perfectly. The red ribbon on her left hand matched the red skirt. The outside was still bustling. They seemed to be checking one door after another. Xia Ge's heart was pounding hard. She simply got out of bed barefoot, ran to the dressing table, swept all the rouge, lipstick, and powder onto the bed, and then began to put on makeup under the veil of the bed.

Xia Ge knew how to put on makeup before she crossed over, and she especially liked putting on makeup.

No girl would dislike making herself look pretty.

But everything was different after she came here.

Xia Ge never thought she would put on makeup under this situation.

She carefully applied the rosy lipstick on her lips, smudging it out, and then applied the same color eyeshadow to her eyes. She slightly hooked it up at the end of her eyes. She put on blush, and after a lot of tidying up, Xia Ge almost didn't recognize herself.

"...... I can't compare to the national beauty of the Tian Du child prostitute, but can I still pass as her?" 

The person hasn't arrived yet. Xia Ge quickly put away the mirror, barefooted, and stuffed all the rouge back into the dressing table. When she looked at the girl in the mirror on the dressing table, she felt suffocated.

The girl in the bronze mirror was as beautiful as peach blossoms in March, with red lips and a slight smile in her eyes. She was naturally charming, but with her hair scattered, she looked like a seductive ghost in a red dress in the middle of the night, with a hint of weirdness in her beauty.

Xia Ge: "..."

There was no time to tie her hair up. Xia Ge didn't know how to tie complicated hairstyles anyway. She could only look around and finally saw a red headscarf that looked like a sex toy. She picked it up and put it on her head, then quickly crawled back into bed.

Xia Ge was wearing the red headscarf and listening to the gradually approaching voices outside. Her heart was pounding hard. She unexpectedly felt more nervous than when she was going to get married.

Xia Ge took a deep breath, took out the sickle from the Flowing Silver Ring and hid it in the quilt. She planned to give the other party a blow on the head once she was discovered.

System: "People put apples in the quilt when they get married, but you put a sickle."
"Who the f*** got married?! Is this even a marriage? This is not even how a ghost marriage is done!"

Xia Ge: "Shut up please."

After a moment of silence, the other party still hadn't come in. The room was filled with a strong fragrance, so strong that Xia Ge's head was starting to feel dizzy. She shook her head and realized that something was wrong. She wanted to push aside the curtain and grab her sickle, but her arms felt weak and powerless. She finally lifted the curtain of the bed and saw a smoking incense burner on the side!

Her eyes glimmered.

[Addicted to Lust: Spring Poison]

The meaning was clear.

Xia Ge was shocked and exclaimed, "What the f***?!"

The sound of people talking and laughing outside grew louder, and finally, the group of people arrived at the door. Someone hesitated for a moment, "This seems to be...that..."

"That what?!" someone interrupted, "We have to search every room! Kick the door open for me!"

"Bang!"

The door was kicked open!

The fragrance filled the air, and the leader was a big man with a sheep mask. He looked around and finally fixed his gaze on the graceful figure on the bed.

"We're searching!...You, come out and let me see."

The big man with the sheep mask ordered in a rough voice.

The people behind him held their breath and their eyes lit up. They obviously wanted to see what kind of beauty this young prostitute was.

The snow-white curtain of the bed was lifted by a soft, boneless hand that was tied with a bright red ribbon. The beautiful person inside coughed softly, and the soft childlike voice carried a hoarse tone, "Brothers, I've been suffering from a cold these days and it's inconvenient to see guests."

"We're looking for someone." However, the sheep-masked man was not easily fooled, "Can you let me see your face?"

The hand inside hesitated for a moment, obviously unsure.

"Don't worry, we'll just take a quick look and make sure." The sheep-masked man said in a deep voice.

"If the brothers want to see, I can only obey." The little beauty inside said softly, and then lifted half of the red veil, revealing half of her face.
Everyone held their breath in an instant.

Her eyebrows lightly brushed, her eyes were lightly lined with vermilion, and the corners of her eyes were curved with a soul-stirring arc. But what was most soul-stirring was that light purple eye!

Everyone's mind and soul were caught by that purple eye, and no one spoke, no one could move.

It was as if breathing for a second would destroy this miraculous work of art.

However, in the next moment, the red veil quietly fell, and a soft voice sounded like a command, "Brothers, after you finish watching, go out."

At these words, everyone was like ghosts, unaware and one by one they left the room. The last person even considerately closed the door for her.

Just as Xia Ge had not yet caught her breath, she suddenly heard an old woman's voice outside the door, full of surprise, "Oh my, what are you all doing here?"

Before the other person could speak, she giggled as if she understood something and said, "Oh, I understand, I understand. It's just a coincidence. That child was just sent up to the stage to entertain people. You gentlemen can't see the charm of the Tian Dou courtesans here. Why don't you go to the front desk and take a look?"

Xia Ge's pupils suddenly shrank!

Sure enough, the big man with the sheep's head outside the door came back to his senses and said, "We've been tricked! Let's go back!"

However, in the instant he turned around, his pupils suddenly shrank, the word "you" stuck in his throat, and he never breathed again.

In just a moment, corpses were everywhere.

In the snow-white corridor, the cloaked figure slowly took off her hat, revealing her snow-white face, and her black eyes were filled with a shallow magic.

She quietly looked at the corpses below, holding the Tian Zhu Ling stained with blood in her white hand, but she felt no sense of guilt.

Vague memories seemed to be slowly awakening.

The person with the memory held her hand and spoke to her with a smile.

"Xiao Kui said I have to talk to you more so that you can open up faster..."

"Hey, hey, slow down. Now I command you to lift your left foot, hey, that's right, and then lift your right foot...pfft."

"..."

Gu Peiju's expression gradually paled, the magic in her eyes gradually dissipated, she closed her eyes, leaned against the wall, and was a little confused.

Who was she?
"Who am I?" 

"You are Gu Peijiu." 

"And who are you?" 

"Me? Well, I'm...your, uh, master's words are so strange..." 

"Ah, you're the person I trust the most!" 

"Anyway, no matter what, just keep trusting me!" 

"Will you also trust me?" 

"Of course, I will always trust you too!" 

Fragments of memories shattered and scattered, but there was always one person. 

From birth to destruction, she had been watching, never willing to let go, the person who made her go mad and do anything, that person. 

◇
