After Xia Wuyin escaped from her, she returned to the Chu family alone.

At that time, she felt that she had to do something.

Anything would do.

She could take back everything that belonged to her, or forget it all.

Forget the soft warmth of that person's body and forget the gentle and helpless look in her eyes when she looked at her.

After a long time, she realized that she probably couldn't forget.

She couldn't forget the chain on her hand and the image of another person in her eyes.

Her heart was like dead ashes, nothing more.

With the help of the Baigui Cave, she numbly sought revenge against this family, watching her sister become frantic because of her secret actions and her father gradually succumb to illness.

Now she is the young master of the Baigui Cave.

Her mother was not only from a prestigious family, but also used to be the head of the Baigui Cave. Therefore, her mother knew everything her father did outside.

After her mother died, she was found by the disciples of the Baigui Cave, who asked her to become the young master.

But at that time, she refused them mercilessly because every time she touched anything related to her mother, she would remember the feeling of sticky blood on her hands.

It was disgusting.

She left alone and met her brother on the road.

Then everything happened.

Later, her brother left and she was brought back to the family. She then searched for news about her brother crazily.

She even promised to inherit everything from her mother and became the young master of the Baigui Cave, something she least wanted to become.

Countless nights, she felt as if she was surrounded by the smell of blood - she was not really afraid of blood, she just couldn't forget the feeling of being hated by everyone a long time ago.

At those times, she would hide in the corner, holding onto the dragon jade, desperately trying to feel her brother's presence.

That was her only consolation.
—— She knew that there were still people in this world who loved her.

So she desperately searched for her.

But she didn't know what she looked like, nor did she know her real name. Despite searching high and low, even the powerful Hundred Ghosts Cave couldn't find the needle in her heart.

She just couldn't believe it...

Thinking of everything that happened at Lingxi Peak, Chu Yi felt like she was dreaming.

She didn't know if she was heartbroken or bewildered.

She closed her eyes and tried not to think about it anymore.

...It was meaningless.

Soon, she would be able to take down this family.

Intentionally or unintentionally, after returning from Lingxi Peak, she refused to receive any news about Lingxi Peak from the Hundred Ghosts Cave.

Now, hearing this strange yet familiar name again.

Xia Wu Yin.

She was stuck in the mud and couldn't get out.

She empathized with her pain, but also vaguely felt a hidden pleasure.

...If you were with me.

I would definitely protect you well.

See... your choice was wrong, the person you love can't protect you.

My words will never let you end up like this.

If it were me...

I would definitely, definitely not let anyone get hurt, so anyone who speaks ill of you, I will tear their mouths apart and never let them speak again.

The slender fingers of the young girl slowly tapped on the meteor dagger, "So, now she's gone to the Demon Cult..."
"There are rumors in the streets that Su Chan, the leader of the demonic cult, had an affair with his disciple Gu Peijiu, which caused harm to her," the male voice said.

Chu Yi sneered, "Are you joking?"

Hundreds of miles away, in the Ghost Cave.

The man held a transmission letter, his eyebrows slightly furrowed. This was a critical moment for the Chu family's power struggle, and he couldn't let the young master's attention be diverted by other matters.

"...I don't know if the rumors about their affair are true," the man thought for a moment and whispered, "but according to the secret information from the Ghost Cave... Xia Wuyin summoned evil spirits to refine the Ten Thousand Souls Pill to save Gu Peijiu. This time, he joined the demonic cult to ask Su Chan for the antidote to save her."

Chu Yi's smile froze for a moment, and a sudden chill ran through her body.

The dagger in her hand slipped and fell to the ground with a clang.

"..."

Gu Peijiu.

"She really loves this person," Chu Yi's voice was low, "to the point of sacrificing everything, even her reputation. It's touching."

"..."

Chu Yi slowly raised her lifeless eyes, her voice indifferent.

"Why is it that no one loves me like that?"

The male voice was silent for a while before starting to offer suggestions, "If the young master..."

"She's always so likable," Chu Yi suddenly interrupted him, "and she likes other people too."

"I heard that her senior sister also likes her very much." She slowly stood up, her layered clothes slipping off like water, and the blood-stained lotus was blocked by the folds of her clothes, as if this could hide her wounded heart from everyone's sight.

"...It has nothing to do with me," her voice was shallow, as if talking to herself, "I just want to take back what I want."

The male voice quickly said, "Chu Zhan is already on his deathbed, there's no need to fear him. The young master can make big plans."

Chu Yi stood in the shadows.

She slowly walked forward, her snow-white toes stepping over the meteor dagger, and her fair hand reached out to touch the sunlight.
She couldn't see.

But she could feel the sunlight on her hand.

She pulled her hand back.

It was cold.

Light couldn't be caught by her, no matter how much she loved it.

It was just impossible.

...

Chu Yi thought indifferently.

How could a hidden ant expect the favor of light?

- Even if she fell into the dust.

That was light that she couldn't ask for.

Chu Yi turned around and picked up the meteor dagger.

A dagger without a scabbard, with blood already drained.

She walked two steps outside barefoot.

- We're on the road.

- What road?

- The road of life.

Warm liquid slowly slid down from the corner of her eye, falling onto the back of her hand.

Like deep autumn maple leaves.
The ground was covered in withered flowers.

The young girl covered her eyes, tears slipping through her fingers and falling onto her cold hands, which were even a bit warm.

Although she was angry at the unfairness of fate, she had never shed a tear for herself.

She laughed at herself.

"Look, Xia Wuyin," she said. "Even if my eyes were blinded, they would only shed tears for your sadness."

"Give my orders," the girl's voice was slightly hoarse.

"Send someone to investigate the truth about the demonic cult... and come back and tell me the situation."

"Young mistress..." The man hesitated for a moment.

"You don't need to worry about the affairs of the Chu family," Chu Yi laughed lightly, her tone slightly cold. "And you don't need to worry about my affairs either."

"Yes," the man replied, his voice trembling.

Chu Zhan's condition worsened, and most of the Chu family's affairs were handled by Chu Yao. But when Chu Yao heard the news, it was already too late.

"Bang!"

The jade pot shattered on the ground, into a thousand pieces.

"What did you say?!" Chu Yao grabbed the old man's collar, her face turning pale.

Without waiting for the old man to answer, she immediately shook her head. "It's impossible! She couldn't have done such a thing!"

The old butler was at a loss, not understanding why Chu Yao was so angry for someone who had nothing to do with the Dan Peak.

He thought to himself, the young miss was practicing at the Sword Peak before. The Sword Peak and Dan Peak have always been at odds... they shouldn't have had much contact with the Dan Peak.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, calmly saying, "I'm sorry."

She knew that her reaction was a bit too much for the butler.

The old butler said, "It's okay, but...this is all related to Lingxi Peak. Miss, the master's condition is not too good, so you shouldn't worry too much about these insignificant matters."

The implication was that he hoped she would take care of her health and not be too concerned about these matters that were irrelevant to the Chu family's interests.

A young servant came in and cleaned up the broken jade.

"I know..." Chu Yao suppressed her voice, "You can go now."

The old butler left.

Chu Yao sat at the desk, one hand supporting her forehead, and the other hand holding the pen tightly.

"Snap!"

The bamboo pen broke with a sound, but Chu Yao still didn't let go, and the broken part almost sank into her palm.

What did she just hear?

Xia Wuyin... secretly practicing puppetry, disguised as a man, colluding with the demonic cult, leaving Lingxi Peak, summoning evil spirits, using them to refine the Ten Thousand Soul Pill regardless of others' lives, and having an affair with the demonic cult leader?

What a joke!

That young man who took her to the Nightless City to relieve her worries, and who was happy for half a day because of peach blossoms, and troubled for half a day because someone liked him...

No, wait, it should be... a girl.

But how could she do such a thing?!

Chu Yao tightly clenched her fist.

What she just heard was the most ridiculous joke she had ever heard!

What about the person who likes her that Xia Wuyin mentioned in the letter?

Why isn't he doing anything?!
She stood up to go find Chu Zhan, but after taking two steps, she stopped again.

Her father's condition was serious, and at this time...

Chu Yao took a deep breath and returned to her seat, trying to calm her chaotic mind.

No, Chu Yao, you can't act impulsively. Your father is in a critical condition, you need to... you need to stay calm and think of a solution.

She sat there for a while, and then, as if remembering something, she lowered her eyelashes and pulled out a flat envelope from the bottom of the stack of papers.

The envelope was thin and unremarkable, but when the light shone on it, one could see delicate patterns.

Inside was the reply she had written to Xia Wu Yin's letter, which she had yet to send.

She had revised it many times, throwing away countless drafts of paper. Some felt that there were too many words and it was cumbersome, while others felt that it was too simple and lacked sincerity. After numerous revisions, this letter was still not sent.

The most satisfactory version was kept here.

Her handwriting was somewhat free and unrestrained, with strokes like a flying dragon, elegant and graceful, yet bold and powerful, without appearing tender.

Chu Yao pulled out the letter paper and looked at the elegant handwriting that she had practiced for several days.

"The road is under your feet. I am by your side."

Every stroke was her hidden tenderness and elegance that was difficult to express.

Outside the study, the sunlight was dim.

Chu Yao slowly shifted her gaze to the outside of the window.

The peach blossoms in Chang'an were in full bloom.

Chu Yao thought.

She missed drinking a pot of bamboo leaf green with that person at Dan Feng.

In the Chu family, she had followed the rules for too long. Occasionally, she wanted to be willful.

Otherwise...
Chu Yao put the letter back in the envelope and hid it in a corner.

Living under the shadow of her ancestors and becoming the legitimate daughter of the Chu family was not what she wanted. Inheriting the family and enduring her younger sister's unfounded hatred was also not what she wanted.

She already had too many regrets.

Life is so long.

She didn't want to regret anymore.

= =

The sun was setting and the darkness deepened.

Chu Yao stood by Chu Zhan's bed with a calm expression.

"Father, please allow me."

Chu Zhan, who was far from his middle-aged imposing manner, was now plagued by illness. His cheekbones protruded, and he looked like an old man in the twilight of his life.

He lay quietly on the bed, his voice faint and a little hoarse. "A Yao, this is not like you."

Chu Yao said, "Father."

"I have to do this."

Chu Yao paused and said in a low voice.

He looked at Chu Yao carefully. Chu Yao was wearing the light blue young master's uniform that symbolized the Chu family. The snow-white belt was neatly tied, but it was still a bit loose and couldn't hold her slender waist.

After a while, he sighed.

"A Yao, this family was originally in your hands."

"If you..."

The sun finally set.

"It's not mine."

A thick and profound shadow fell on Chu Yao, dyeing her light brown eyes deep. She looked at her father and said, "You know, all of this was never mine to begin with."
The family inheritance should have been passed down to the legitimate daughter.

And the original legitimate daughter was Chu Yi.

Chu Zhan looked at this daughter who made him proud.

He felt both comfort and exhaustion.

This child.

From the moment she opened her eyes, she represented the pride of the heavens, unique and exceptional.

Chu Zhan said, "No matter if you are or not, you have done well."

"I will be at ease to hand over the family affairs to you."

Chu Yao said, "Father."

Chu Zhan sighed again.

As a child who grew up under the glory of the Chu King, he hoped to create his own world with his own abilities. But due to his recall, he returned to the Chu family. Although he handled affairs orderly and became more stable day by day, he could see the desolation in her eyes. The candlelight of the dream of his youth, which had once flickered, was extinguished.

But now.

The sun has set.

He saw the flickering flames in this child's eyes.

That flame was the passion that only young people have.

He even couldn't believe that the words just spoken were from his usually calm A Yao.

-"I believe in a person."

-"That person is trapped, and I want to save her back."

-"Please, father, allow me."
