It's late at night.

The young boy lies on the bed, his injured back facing up, sleeping restlessly.

Gu Peijiu sits beside him, holding his hand, looking calm.

The moonlight is like water, and the candlelight is dim. Bi Xi speaks softly, "Miss, you can go to sleep. I'll take care of things here."

Gu Peijiu looks at the boy's furrowed brows for a moment, then closes her eyes and says in a faint voice, "It's okay, you go rest."

Bi Xi opens her eyes wide, somewhat incredulous. "Miss? You..."

Gu Peijiu turns her head to look at her. The candlelight reflects in her dark eyes, calm and unyielding.

Bi Xi hesitates for a moment, then lowers her head and nods obediently. "Yes."

The night grows deeper.

The boy's hand is cold. Gu Peijiu lowers her eyes, puts his hand under the blanket, and holds it.

She doesn't quite understand why she cares so much about this child.

Is it because there are too many doubts?

It doesn't seem like it.

It's just that... he seems like he should be hers.

Gu Peijiu's heart skips a beat, and she tightens her grip on his hand. She closes her eyes and pushes this strange idea aside.

...Maybe it's because she hasn't slept well these past few nights that she has such strange thoughts.

Gu Peijiu smiles self-deprecatingly, then opens her eyes and looks at the boy on the bed. After a moment, she takes a pill out of her pocket and slowly puts it into the boy's mouth.

The boy's brow furrows, looking uncomfortable, but he obediently swallows the pill.

As long as she holds his hand like this, no matter what she does to him, he will be obedient.

His obedience is so endearing that it softens one's heart. He is nothing like the flirtatious young man who talks nonsense all the time.

He seems to instinctively trust the person called "Doudou," no matter what that person might do to him.
】

    【年龄：17岁】

    【修为：元婴期初阶】

    【体质：优秀】

    【灵根：五行灵根，金木双灵根】

    夏歌轻轻睁开了眼睛，感觉身体轻松了很多，伸了个懒腰，才发现自己躺在一张陌生的床上。

    他顺着床边的光线看去，发现床边坐着一个熟悉的身影。

    “你醒了。”

    那人抬起头，朝着他微笑着。

    夏歌愣了一下，然后才反应过来这是顾佩玖。

    “你……你救了我？”他有些疑惑地问道。

    顾佩玖点了点头，“是的。”

    “谢谢……”夏歌感激地道谢。

    顾佩玖笑了笑，“不用谢，你也救过我。”

    夏歌看了看自己的身体状况，发现伤口已经愈合，感觉精神也恢复了不少，“我现在可以走了吗？”

    “当然可以。”顾佩玖点了点头，“只是你的元婴期修为还不够高，最好还是先休息一段时间再行动。”

    夏歌点了点头，他也知道修炼的重要性，便闭上了眼睛，开始调息修炼。

    顾佩玖看着他的神情，微微一笑，静静地守在他的身旁，守护着他的安稳。
Physical condition: moderately critical

Mental condition: highly critical (on the verge of collapse)

Main occupation: puppeteer (novice)

Skills: [ ] (click to expand)

Puppet panel (updated): [ ]

Secondary occupation: alchemist (apprentice)

Skills: [ ] (click to expand)

Other: ...

...

Emergency state, activate endangered mental self-repair system: yes/no (10 points)

[Ding - system transfers host's point authority]

[Ding! System will activate endangered mental self-repair service. Activating this service will forcibly blur the host's negative memory emotions. Confirm implementation?]

[Ding! Begin -]

[Deducting 10 points]

[In progress 1/100]

= =

The next day.

Gu Peijiu opened her eyes, the candle on the table had burned down, and she looked out the window at the faint morning light, feeling a little absent-minded.

Surprisingly... she didn't wake up in a panic.

Nor did she have a nightmare.

It was peaceful, as if she had just closed her eyes and when she opened them again, it was already dawn.
The faint morning light just appeared in the east, shining softly through the green curtains. The young boy had been fed a pain-relieving and calming pill by her and seemed to be sleeping peacefully.

The rooster crowed, and the voice of Bixi rang out, "Miss? Are you awake? Can I come in?"

Gu Peiju hesitated for a moment and whispered, "Come in."

Bixi lifted the curtain and walked in. The warm yellow morning light accompanied by the mist in the mountains floated in the air. She was surprised to see her young miss with her clothes untied by the boy's bedside. "Miss, you...this..."

She felt both heartbroken and angry, "Just let Bixi take care of him. You still have to deal with the affairs of Danfeng today. If you continue like this, your body will collapse!"

Gu Peiju shook her head and said lightly, "I'm not tired."

She was telling the truth.

This was the best sleep she had had in these few days.

She slightly turned her head and looked at the hand held tightly by the boy for a while before finding an explanation.

Once a person is relied upon by others, they will unconsciously make themselves stronger.

To become someone who is worthy of being relied upon by others.

And now.

-She was held by this child and believed in.

Regardless of whether she was the one in his heart, she was trusted.

And Gu Peiju, who had never let anyone down, overcame her nightmares in this way.

While Gu Peiju was pondering, Xia Wuyin was still holding her hand tightly, and Bixi was getting a little angry.

"Is this child pretending to sleep and taking advantage of you?" Bixi wrinkled her nose. "Did you rest like this last night? How can you do this?"

Gu Peiju just said, "He's still young."

"He's not young anymore. I heard he's already thirteen years old." Bixi said, "Miss, you're only three years older than him."

"It doesn't matter." Gu Peiju asked, "How is the competition going? Has the file been sent over there?"
"Yes," Gu Peiju instructed, "tidy up and bring the files over. I need to review them today."

"Yes, Miss."

Bixi removed the remaining candles from the table and tidied up the room. "Miss... would you like Bixi to help you wash up today?"

Gu Peiju looked at her hands for a moment before responding, "No need. Just bring some hot water and go get the files."

"Yes."

After Bixi left to fetch hot water and a towel, Gu Peiju squeezed the towel dry and gently wiped the boy's face, moistening his dry lips before feeding him a pill.

The boy held her hand, his long eyelashes trembling as he obediently swallowed the pill. No matter what she did to him, he never resisted, behaving like a well-behaved cat.

"Always so obedient..." Gu Peiju gave him some water and paused, speaking to herself, "I hope he's not injured."

Naturally, the boy did not respond.

"Well, it doesn't matter."

When Bixi came in with a pile of files, Gu Peiju had already begun reviewing them. Bixi placed the files on the table, wiped her sweat, and addressed the red-clothed girl who was sitting on the bed, finishing the files with one hand, "Miss, these are the ones that were sent over today."

The recruitment competition for Sanfeng's disciples had come to a close, but the detailed screening that followed would be handled by the senior disciples of each peak.

Gu Peiju finished reviewing the last file with one hand and said in a flat voice, "Hmm, just leave them there."

[Ding - 100/100 tasks completed]

[Host's mental adjustment completed]

As Gu Peiju finished speaking, she suddenly felt the hand she was holding loosen slightly. She was taken aback and looked towards the boy sleeping peacefully on the bed.

Their tightly interlocked fingers slowly loosened, and although his face was still pale, his expression became peaceful.

Yesterday, she had fed him a pill that she had refined herself, a profound-level calming pill with pain-relieving effects. According to common sense, he should have let go of her hand after taking the pill.

But when she tried to withdraw her hand, he held on tighter.
He regarded her as the person named "Dou Dou", holding her hand, trusting her, and panicking and worrying about her departure.

It was faith, but also a nightmare.

Now... the nightmare should be over.

Well.

She gently pulled her hand out of the slightly cool fingers. The slender and fair fingers were exposed to the air, slightly cool.

... It seems like something is missing.

Gu Peiju's eyelashes trembled, not knowing what she was thinking. She unconsciously reached out and held the slightly cold hand of the boy under the quilt when he wasn't paying attention.

The touch was like cool jade, smooth and soft, but without warmth.

- Too cold.

She thought.

The spiritual power in her body slightly turned, and warmth emerged in her palm.

It's no big deal to help warm him up.

Bixi came over and glanced at the hand of the young man who had been "pulled" into the bed by her lady, feeling uneasy in her heart, "Miss, why do you indulge him like this?"

Gu Peiju changed the scroll with one hand and didn't show any expression on her face, "It's okay."

Bixi wanted to say more, but heard Gu Peiju's order, "Go and show me the scroll with yesterday's competition results."

Bixi didn't say anything more, took the scroll and put it on the small table where Gu Peiju was reviewing the papers, pulled open the green curtain, and the warm sunlight shone in. Bixi looked at the slight curve of Gu Peiju's lips and suddenly felt that her lady's mood seemed to be very good.

Gu Peiju opened the scroll with one hand and saw the first page.

Her movement paused slightly.

After a while, she lowered her eyelids, pursed her lips, and continued to flip through page by page. She flipped through it for a long time, and finally closed it and was about to put it aside.

Bixi hesitated, "Miss, this... you haven't reviewed it yet..."

Gu Peiju looked up at her, and her black eyes were faint, "I know."
Later, she asked again, "How are things at Sword Peak and Beast Peak?"

"They're both doing well... There's a talented young man from the Chang family at Sword Peak who's very powerful. He came in first in all the preliminary events," said Bixi, thinking for a moment. "And the person you sent to Sword Peak, Ye Ze, has also been settled in. He'll be able to go and study swordsmanship with the disciples of Sword Peak when classes start."

"And as for Beast Peak... Senior Bai Li..." Bixi hesitated and glanced discreetly at the young man sleeping peacefully in bed. She delicately said, "He seems to be very interested in this junior brother Xia and asked about his physical condition. He hopes to visit him when he wakes up."

Gu Peijiu declined lightly, "As a senior disciple of a peak, how can he visit a newly admitted junior disciple? It's not proper to refuse."

A newly admitted junior disciple?

Bixi subconsciously looked at the dossier and responded before tentatively asking, "Shouldn't we let Xia Shidi go after he recovers...?"

"No."

The warm and gentle sunshine fell on the delicate and fair cheeks of the girl in the red and white maple robe, reflecting her black pupils that were aloof and cold.

"I am a disciple of Dan Peak and do not visit outsiders."
