Gu Peijiu leaned over and picked a green hairband from a tree, feeling the icy coldness of the dew on her fingertips. She looked down at the hairband wrapped around her snowy white fingertips, paused for a moment, and didn't know what her mood was.

The sound of rustling leaves indicated that someone was approaching.

Gu Peijiu's eyes flickered slightly as she put the hairband and jade pendant in her sleeve. At the same time, a clear voice sounded, "Junior sister is here too?"

Gu Peijiu glanced sideways and saw a blue and white swordsmanship disciple with a long sword at his waist, deer boots and a blue belt. He had clear eyebrows and eyes, and was none other than Chang Lan, the senior disciple of Sword Peak.

"Yeah." Gu Peijiu nodded casually, "Senior brother is here too?"

"The wind is a bit strange, so I came to take a look." Chang Lan smiled and then asked, "Junior sister came earlier than me, did you find anything?"

Before Gu Peijiu could answer, Chang Lan looked around and frowned, "It seems that the demonic energy has dissipated, and those disciples who were patrolling were not careful. It was the negligence of our Sword Peak."

Gu Peijiu slightly clenched the jade pendant in her hand, her voice calm and without waves, "Senior brother, don't blame yourself. Guarding the back mountain is also one of the responsibilities of our Dan Peak. Unfortunately, Dan Peak disciples are not good at attacking techniques, so we handed over the responsibility of guarding the back mountain to senior brother. Junior sister feels guilty."

"Junior sister is too kind." Chang Lan quickly replied, then changed the subject, "Did you find anything?"

"There is a puppet over there that has been cut in half." Gu Peijiu said, and the two of them came to the side of the chopped tree and puppet. The girl in the red and white maple clothes had no expression on her face and her voice was flat, "And this tree was cut in half, but I don't know who did it."

"..." Chang Lan looked at the demonic puppet that had been cut in half on the ground, then at the huge cedar tree that had been chopped down, and was surprised. He bent down to pick up the half-mask on the ground, "This puppet is... the guardian puppet of Lingxi Patriarch?"

"Yeah." The girl answered lightly.

Chang Lan felt a bit embarrassed for a moment. Although they were both senior disciples, and he was considered a senior in terms of seniority, he couldn't seem to say anything in front of this junior sister. Although this junior sister relied on him for help in front of the sect leader, in fact, besides necessary official business, they hardly had any other communication.

...Perhaps this junior sister was too cold by nature.

Chang Lan thought for a moment, "The guardian puppet is the guardian puppet of Lingxi Patriarch, I don't know who disturbed them."

"..." Gu Peijiu was silent for a while, "Senior brother, the 'guardian puppet' that has been demonized is no longer the 'guardian puppet' of the Patriarch."

A soul that has lost itself cannot protect the soul of others.

But they were still the symbol of Lingxi Patriarch's protection. Lingxi Patriarch was sleeping in the back mountain, and his soul had long been reincarnated, leaving behind a mountain of guardian puppets and other terrible specters and monsters. Therefore, in order to prevent disciples from being harmed and to maintain respect for Lingxi Patriarch, the back mountain was designated as a forbidden area.

Chang Lan looked a bit helpless, "Junior sister is right."

After speaking, Chang Lan looked around at the situation. The fighting situation was very obvious, "It seems that someone has entered the back mountain, fought with the puppet here, and then killed the puppet and fled."

"Yeah." Gu Peijiu nodded slightly. Thinking of the boy who was still smiling a few days ago, waves of emotions surged in her heart, but her face remained expressionless.
"This matter needs to be reported to the sect leader... It's an important time for our sect to recruit disciples, so we can't afford any mistakes," said Chang Lan.

"Right," nodded Gu Peiju, "that's only natural."

"...I heard that our junior sister will personally teach one of the selected inner disciples from this batch?" Chang Lan picked up the enchanted puppet that had been cut in half, and the two walked side by side. He spoke casually, "But have you seen anyone suitable among the potential outer disciples?"

For some reason, Chang Lan felt that the junior sister's expression had become even colder.

The jade in her hand seemed to be burning.

Her voice was calm, "There's no one suitable."

No one suitable, but there was someone unpleasant.

==

When Xia Ge came to her senses, she was already following a lost deer down a set of downward stone steps into what seemed like an underground palace. The path was made of stone, with intricate murals carved into the walls. Large fist-sized night pearls were placed every three steps, illuminating the entire path.

"Hey, why did you bring me here?" Xia Ge immediately stopped in her tracks, clutching her sickle. "I want to go back!"

The deer with beautiful horns turned its head to look at her, its beautiful purple eyes like stars and moons. It nodded at her, and then its figure slowly became blurry. Finally, it disappeared like a dream.

"...It's gone?"

Xia Ge was stunned. "It left?"

...What was that deer?

Coming back to her senses, she shook her head. Whatever that deer was, she needed to get back now.

Xia Ge turned around and wanted to go back the way she came, but when she looked back, the stone steps were gone, replaced by a stone wall!

Xia Ge: "..."

She knocked on the wall with her sickle, making a solid sound. It wasn't an illusion or a hollow wall.

"Just now... There was a path behind me, right?" Xia Ge was bewildered. "Why is it gone?"

"You were just affected by the Lost Deer's soul-stealing technique," the system said. "Everything you saw while following it was fake."

Xia Ge was stunned, feeling a bit confused. "Fake?... The Lost Deer? The blue plum blossom deer just now?"
System: "Hmm, that's the Lost Deer."

Xia Ge: "What does it do and why is it looking for me? Do I owe it money?"

System: "...I don't know if you owe it money, but it's definitely looking for you for a reason."

Xia Ge, confused: "Reason...? Is it because I owe it money?"

System: "...Do you have a problem with money?"

The system decides to explain in a different way: "Have you heard of 'the lost return to the right path'?"

Xia Ge vaguely understands: "Yeah."

System: "The soul will reincarnate and walk a new path. For those who have reincarnated, their past is a lost path for those in the present."

Xia Ge, somewhat understanding: "It seems like I get it."

The system explains, "The meaning of 'the lost return to the right path' is not only to tell people not to stay on the wrong path, but also to tell people not to be obsessed with their past and return to their present life."

Xia Ge understands, "So the Lost Deer...you told me not to follow it before?"

"Yes, the appearance of the Lost Deer represents the unresolved cause and effect of your past life, seeking you out in your present life. But for you in the present, the past is a lost path, entangled and unclear, with no good outcome." The system's voice lowers, "But what is meant to come cannot be avoided. Did you hear a phrase 'the lost deer, not knowing its way back' somewhere before?"

Xia Ge taps her hand, "Yeah! I dreamt of a little girl singing a nonsense nursery rhyme yesterday, and that phrase was in it!"

Xia Ge's expression becomes a little nervous, "Did I owe someone a lot of money in my past life? And now that I've reincarnated, the Lost Deer has come to find me and make me pay my debts back...ah, how much money did I owe in my past life? It's so scary! It really is a lost path!!"

System: "..."

The system decides to ignore its host's impending panic about being chased by debt collectors, "If you heard that phrase, then encountering the Lost Deer is unavoidable."

Xia Ge: "??? "

The system explains, "If someone hears that phrase in their dream, they will receive the Lost Deer's omen. No matter where they are, they will encounter it...and the Lost Deer won't come to you for money."

Xia Ge is surprised, "That's so powerful...as long as it's not about money, then I'm relieved."

System: "...If it's just about money, it's actually easier."
"That thing found me now, is there any consequence?" Xia Ge asked, puzzled. "I don't remember seeing anything about a lost deer in the book."

"I don't know why it brought you here, but it must be something from your past life...not money," the system replied.

"My past life?" Xia Ge's eyes lit up as if she remembered something. "Right, my past life! It won't find out anything about me in modern times, right? Wow, that would be interesting!"

"...Don't get too excited, I don't think it will," the system said.

Xia Ge sighed, feeling melancholic for a rare moment. "I've been in this book for several years...thank goodness I had the foresight to tell my brother my bank card password before leaving."

It shouldn't be too difficult to get by.

"Well, that's good," the system replied.

Xia Ge still looked melancholic. "Sigh, actually, I shouldn't have told him. Hunger breeds thievery, after all."

"Oh? So you're the legendary thief born of poverty?" the system asked.

Xia Ge looked at her night clothes and touched her nose. "Little puppet is so perceptive, it leaves me speechless."

The system chuckled. "You flatter me."

After chatting, Xia Ge knocked on the stone wall behind her with her sickle and felt regretful. "It's really solid...I wonder if my brother has found a girlfriend."

"Host, look over there, there's a night pearl," the system said.

"What?!" Xia Ge exclaimed.

The night pearls on the stone wall were as big as fists and three steps apart.

"Holy shit, those are really night pearls! I thought it was an illusion!" Xia Ge exclaimed.

"...," the system was silent.

"I'm going to be rich overnight!" Xia Ge rushed to the nearest night pearl with her sickle, and the fist-sized night pearl shone like a lamp, illuminating the dark stone passage as bright as day.

"Little puppet, do you collect night pearls?" Xia Ge had just picked up two and put them in her silver ring, then looked at a nearby night pearl with her eyes full of "getting rich". "Do you collect them or not?"

"I don't collect things from the dead," the system replied coldly.

Xia Ge held the night pearl in her arms. "......???"
The system kindly reminded her, "This seems to be the resting place of your Lingxi Peak's founder."

Xia Ge asked, "How do you know?"

The system replied, "Look at the small stone tablet on your left."

Xia Ge turned her head and indeed saw a small stone tablet on the wall to her left.

[Lingxi Founder, Resting Place]

Xia Ge: "..."

She quickly put back the stolen night pearl in its original place and clasped her hands together towards the end of the stone path, "Disciple disturbs the founder's rest at night and deeply apologizes. May I ask if there are any martial arts secrets, divine pills or elixirs that the founder can bestow upon me, so that I can easily become rich overnight... No, I mean to benefit the sect and glorify our ancestors-"

The system: "..."

The stone path was quiet, with only the echo of her voice.

As for anything else, there wasn't even a rustle of wind or a single bird feather.

Xia Ge: "..."

Ah, shouldn't something magical happen at this time? Like holy light? Or divine blessings from the heavens? If not, at least there should be some hidden weapons mechanism to liven things up, right? Is Lingxi Founder's resting place so low-key? How could she brag to others in the future?

Xia Ge put her hand down with some regret and took a look at the mural on the wall, which was illuminated by the night pearl and showed a woman in a light dress sitting at the highest point of a mountain peak. Her long black hair flowed down like a waterfall, and a white flute hung from her waist. She gazed at the dawn on the horizon, with one hand resting on her knee, her posture lazy and relaxed, but with a hint of charm. The clouds and mist were hazy, and behind her was a woman whose face could not be seen. She gently held the neck of the woman in the light dress, her head leaning against her ear, intimate and affectionate. She wore a yellow dragon robe with a fierce and arrogant five-clawed golden dragon on her sleeve.

Xia Ge widened her eyes in surprise.

...Even if she had no knowledge, she knew that at that time, there was only one person in the world who could wear a five-clawed dragon robe!!

Was this person with the flute Lingxi Founder?

...She even hooked up with the queen at that time, quite impressive!

Although Xia Ge was a slacker, she spent a lot of time in the Siguoge and would occasionally read historical books and strange novels to pass the time. She had a general understanding of the history of this continent.

It was said that hundreds of years ago, there was a country named [Chao], and the emperor at that time was surnamed Chu. He was very incompetent, with barbarians invading from the south and nomadic tribes eyeing the north. Taxes were high and people were suffering. At that time, there were many cultivators, but they all adhered to a principle that the fate of the mortal world was predetermined and cultivators should not interfere with mundane affairs.

Xia Ge could understand this principle very well.
Well, in simple terms, it means eating the country's food but not doing anything, just sitting around and practicing cultivation, thinking that they are superior and different from ordinary people, and that they are above everyone else. When the country is in trouble, they don't care and refuse to help. They think they are powerful and can solve everything with their skills, like making pills to cure any illness. In that time, people who practiced cultivation were generally considered to be scoundrels.

There were barbarians outside, dragging down the country's economy inside, and the emperor was incompetent, while the treasury was empty and the people were suffering. Eventually, the barbarians attacked and the emperor had to marry off his daughter to form an alliance.

This daughter later became the Empress Chu Shi, who was known as the "Queen of Literature and War" after unifying the country. However, there is no clear record of how she went from being a princess to a queen. Although Xia Ge is curious, she has not been able to figure it out yet.

As for the ancestor who left the strange legacy of offering oneself as a sacrifice, Xia Ge thinks he is amazing and weird. She continues to look at the murals out of boredom, as she cannot leave for the time being.

The murals depict a relaxed and carefree lifestyle, with a woman carrying a white flute around her waist drinking and enjoying flowers, or competing in poetry with another woman in a dragon robe. It all looks very peaceful and happy.

Until she reaches the last mural, which suddenly changes the tone and is unexpected. It shows a woman in a yellow robe holding a garment and gently touching a tombstone with tears streaming down her face. The woman with the white flute is nowhere to be seen.

Xia Ge is confused and wonders what happened. Why did her ancestor suddenly become a grave?
The tragedy came suddenly.

Xia Ge felt like she had just read a sweet story with a happy ending, but the author suddenly forced a tragic ending on the characters.

It's hard to describe this painting. Couldn't there be a buffer before the sudden death? The character's sudden death makes them seem like a minor character. Can't they have a bit of dignity?

On the last painting, where the tragic ending was forced, there was a poem written in a flamboyant style.

"Ten years of romance, never forgotten. Accompanied by the beauty, writing about the sorrow of separation."

Xia Ge asked, "Is it just me, or does this poem sound a bit self-satisfied?"

The system replied, "It's just your imagination. It's unlikely that one of your ancestors wrote it."

Xia Ge asked, "But isn't this her tomb?"

The system answered, "She's already dead in the painting. How could she write a poem for herself?"

Xia Ge suggested gently, "Maybe it would be better to use 'passed away' instead of 'dead' in that sentence, especially since we're talking about the other person's tomb."

It gave her a chilly feeling.

Xia Ge looked at the mural again and found something strange. "Is this the tomb of Lingxi Ancestor? Why is it just a pile of dirt? Wait... isn't this a burial chamber?"

The system explained, "Maybe it was moved here by later generations, or it could just be a tomb with clothes and a hat."

Xia Ge thought, "Oh..."

It was a very high-end tomb.

Lingxi Ancestor was truly her ancestor.

After looking at the mural, Xia Ge walked through the stone passage and arrived at a spacious stone chamber.

There was a stone tablet in the middle of the chamber, and on the floor was a formation that Xia Ge couldn't understand. Out of caution, she stood at the door and stretched her neck to read the words on the tablet.

"It seems to say something..."
Xia Ge switched her sickle to three-section staff mode and said, "Let me see if I can hook it over."

The system replied, "Wait, I think there's a safer way... It's not good to damage cultural relics."

Xia Ge, who had already thrown the sickle, asked, "Hmm? Is there another way?"

"Chirp!"

The chain in the sickle extended, and the front blade hooked onto the middle of the stone tablet without deviation.

Xia Ge said seriously, "I won't damage cultural relics. I just want to hook it over and take a look."

The system replied, "..."

To prove that she really only wanted to handle it carefully, Xia Ge gently pulled the stone tablet towards herself.

The hooked stone tablet was cut smoothly by the sickle and fell onto the ground with a "crack" sound.

Xia Ge said, "..."

The system said, "...Hehe."

Xia Ge nonchalantly retrieved the sickle and hummed twice, "It wasn't me, it wasn't me."

The system replied, "It was you! It was you! Compensation! Compensation!"
