Just like Xia Ge said.

Her father agreed to let her do what she wanted to do.

Before she left, he asked her to go ask Chu Dao Ji Ling.

Chu Dao Ji Ling stopped her and asked her to take it with her.

- So the proud Chu Dao Ji Ling suddenly stopped her and said it wanted to go with her?

- Why?

If she had Chu Dao Ji Ling in her hand, no one could stop her from going anywhere she wanted.

If, if this was her father...

In the next moment, Chu Yao suddenly had an epiphany, and at that moment, the Chu Dao Ji Ling on her body suddenly detached and slowly floated into her hand.

Only when it leaves the owner's body can it speak.

Chu Dao Ji Ling seemed to have something to tell her.

Chu Yao didn't wait for it to speak and asked in a somewhat difficult voice, "Why did you insist on following me that time?"

From childhood to adulthood, she had knelt in front of it for so many years, and it had never manifested itself once. But at that time, only when she wanted to leave, it suddenly stopped her.

Chu Dao Ji Ling was silent for a long time and said, "Xia Ge was right."

"Your father, although he left a letter, did not want you to marry into the Chang family."

- That's not what she wanted to ask!

Chu Yao asked, "Why did you appear that time..." Why did you suddenly appear? Why did you want to follow her?

"I don't usually appear unless the Chu family is in turmoil." Chu Dao Ji Ling understood what she wanted to ask and paused before saying, "Because of Chu Yi's private actions, I think you also know... The Chu family seems to be flourishing now, but it has actually been on the verge of collapse. Your father knew that you didn't want to take over the family so soon, and Chu Yi was eager to get everything back to her. Therefore, your father also had a plan - he owed Chu Yi something, and he was originally planning to make Chu Yi the head of the family. This would have freed you, and it would have been a win-win situation. But Chu Yi, full of hatred, would not have managed the Chu family well if she became the head. Your father knew this. He was planning to let Chu Yi take over and then let you travel with me under some pretext, just like the Chu King who once traveled to revive his country. When you have achieved something and gained some fame, you can come back and revive the family in turmoil."

Chu Yao's face was slightly pale.

"Because your father had already made an agreement with me before." Chu Dao Ji Ling said, "And I also calculated that the Chu family's fortune was declining, so no matter what reason you came to see me, I would let you take me away."

Of course, it would also agree so easily to Chu Zhan's proposal for another reason... but it was better not to say it.
"Actually, your father has always known what you were thinking," said Chu Dao Ji Ling. "But he was also a fish caught in a whirlpool, unable to control his own fate. He couldn't plan for his life ahead, so he could only take care of things after he was gone."

"Just like what Xia Ge said," Chu Yi replied.

"The real answer about this letter, your father must have told you a long time ago," Chu Dao Ji Ling continued. 

"Yes...she's not wrong," Chu Yi said.

A long time ago, her father had cancelled the marriage with the Chang family for her sake, even if it meant getting a bad reputation. He wanted to live with pride.

Chu Yi remained silent for a long time before finally asking, "Did my father say anything else?"

"He didn't say anything else, but I could tell that your father travelled freely and learned a lot before inheriting the Chu family. He also hoped that you could truly live for yourself," Chu Dao Ji Ling replied.

Only by doing what you really want to do can you truly reach the pinnacle and achieve greatness.

He left the letter to let her marry into the Chang family so that she could figure it all out on her own.

"If marrying into the Chang family is not what you want, then rebel," Chu Dao Ji Ling said. "Oppression, pressure, and choices are all given to you. When you reach the extreme, you can break through the obstacles and take up your sword, fearlessly doing what you truly want to do."

This was the last lesson her father taught her before he died.

Chu Yi remained silent for a long time before finally understanding her father's intentions.

Before achieving true freedom, one must first learn to pick up the sword and break the shackles of tradition.

Chu Yi's lips slowly curved into a smile, and she laughed out loud.

Xia Ge looked at her, her eyes still bright.

After Chu Yi finished laughing, she looked at Xia Ge with a gentle gaze and said, "Thank you."

Xia Ge grinned, trying to conceal her confusion. She didn't really understand what Chu's father meant, but...

As she had said before, since Chu's father had already cancelled the marriage with the Chang family for Chu Yi's sake, he wouldn't make the same mistake again.
Maybe someone would say it's because the Chu family was forced by the powerful Chang family, but Xia Ge didn't think so. She thought so and said it, it didn't matter if she was wrong, she just didn't want Chu Yao to marry into the Chang family!

"I know what I should do now." Chu Yao looked at her, the corners of his lips curved to reveal his tiger teeth, and his light brown eyes slightly brightened. "I'll invite you to drink next time - but sorry, you probably won't be able to taste my Huadiao wine."

"It's okay, I'd rather have the Zhuye Qing you brought that day." Xia Ge smiled.

For a moment, the two seemed to have eliminated all barriers and awkwardness, returning to the past in Lingxi.

Gu Peiju looked at the two smiling at each other from a distance, and when she lowered her head, she saw the green silk ribbon on her wrist silently swaying.

Gu Peiju thought it was too green. It's not good like this.

She raised her eyebrows slightly, thinking about what way to interrupt the two's reunion more naturally, when a gust of wind blew, bringing an inexplicable evil spirit!

Gu Peiju suddenly looked up and saw the southwest, her eyes suddenly sharp!

Xia Ge was talking to Chu Yao, suddenly her pupils shrank and she felt a sudden chill all over her body. Chu Yao noticed something was wrong with her. "What's wrong?"

Xia Ge touched the goosebumps on her arm. "I don't know... I just suddenly feel a very nauseating feeling."

"Wind City, it's from Wind City!"

The group of people welcoming the sedan suddenly became restless. "Look at the sky - what is that in the sky?"

Wind City is in the southwest direction of Chang'an.

Xia Ge and Chu Yao looked over in an instant, and saw the sky in the southwest direction a gloomy red and black, surging with rolling evil and ghostly spirits!

What happened?!

Xia Ge was a little confused for a moment. Her and her senior sister's plan was originally to abduct Chu Yao. Wind City was the battlefield where Ye Ze sought revenge, which was not within her consideration. But now it seems that something has happened over there?

Chu Yao looked at it and suddenly changed his expression slightly. "Ah Mei went to Wind City today!!"

Xia Ge was shocked and blurted out, "Little Butterfly is in Wind City?!"
Xia Ge realized she had misspoken and coughed, "Why did your sister go to Feng City?"

Her tone was trying to sound natural, but the urgency in it was apparent.

Chu Yao looked at her for a moment before sighing softly and saying somewhat uncomfortably, "She told me yesterday that she wanted to personally discuss the matter of the dowry with the Chang family."

Xia Ge: "..."

Chu Yi couldn't resist taking a jab at her elder sister.

"I can't just ignore my younger sister," Chu Yao clenched her fists slightly. "Since our father has passed away and left those words behind... no matter what, I have to go to Feng City and see for myself."

Chang Nian had already dismounted and was watching them from afar. While everyone else was anxiously discussing the possible changes that might occur in Feng City, he wasn't paying attention to any of it and was instead staring blankly at Xia Ge.

Xia Ge naturally felt his gaze and gestured to Chu Yao, "Wait here for a moment. Chang Ren is an old thief. We can't just barge into Feng City. Let me go and find out first."

She then flashed over to Chang Nian's side.

Chang Nian had been lost in thought while watching Xia Ge, but he was startled when she suddenly appeared in front of him. He instinctively took a step back before realizing who it was and silently took that step back.

"What's going on over there?" Xia Ge pointed towards the ominous aura coming from Feng City and asked him, "Do you know anything?"

The entire Chang family, from top to bottom, only had a slight liking for her. Chang Nian looked at her and shook his head, "I don't know, Ah Mei."

Xia Ge got goosebumps, "Don't call me Ah Mei."

Chang Nian stubbornly said, "But you are my Ah Mei."

Xia Ge: "..."

"I... I'm sorry for what my father did," Chang Nian looked at her, obviously wanting to say something, but he started to ramble and eventually lowered his head, "I couldn't stop my father, so... I won't call you Ah Mei again after this."

He then looked up and called her seriously, "Ah Mei."

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment before finally responding, "Um."
Although Chang Nian is from the Chang family, at least for her, he is not a bad person.

Chang Nian's eyes suddenly brightened.

Xia Ge took a step back uneasily, suddenly feeling like she had just taken advantage of her "older brother". "Do you really not know what happened in Wind City?"

Chang Nian shook her head, "I don't know."

"Don't bother asking. It's a demonic siege," said Gu Peiju, walking up behind Xia Ge, dressed in white like snow. "Wind City has probably been surrounded by demons, and..."

She paused. "There's a hidden barrier between Wind City and Chang'an behind us. Ordinary people can't get in, and those of us who can see the anomalies in Wind City probably can't get out either."

An invisible barrier?!

Xia Ge widened her eyes. "What does this old thief Chang want to do?"

"With the demonic siege, Wind City is probably unable to enter, and those demons will slowly come this way, devouring anyone who sees the anomalies within the barrier," said Gu Peiju coldly. "Since Ye Ze has gone...this is probably a bad thing exposed, and they want to eliminate it completely."

"This old thief!!" exclaimed Xia Ge.

Although the people around them only half understood, they could see the red mist spreading in the southwest sky and even the most foolish among them understood the surface meaning of Gu Peiju's words - if they didn't do something, they would all die here!

Thinking of this, their faces turned pale!

Some sharp-eyed people had already seen the demons spreading out from the endless red mist, and for a moment there was a sound of mourning everywhere.

These people were unlucky. They had originally wanted to follow the Chang family's wedding procession to share in the joy, but they had unexpectedly encountered a bride-snatching. Even if they had snatched a bride, Xia Ge and Gu Peiju had only beaten up the leader Chang Lan, and they hadn't done anything to the rest of them. But now, when they turned around, they encountered a demonic siege - they didn't get any joy, but they did get a lot of bad luck.

"What happened..."

"Oh my God..."

Xia Ge grabbed Chang Lan, who was wearing a new groom's outfit, and asked, "What is this old thief Chang up to?"

Chang Lan looked at her coldly, without saying a word.

Chang Nian quickly said, "Sister, let him go! My brother and I came out to greet the bride together. We don't know what happened...maybe this isn't my father's doing?"
Chang Nian still couldn't believe that the vicious ghosts were the doing of their father.

Xia Ge was too lazy to give Chang Nian a lesson on moral values and educate him on their father's infuriating actions. She stared at Chang Lan with a fake smile, clicking her fingers, "I didn't say we won't keep him. I just want to communicate and bond with him."

Chang Lan looked at her indifferently, which made Xia Ge unhappy. She punched him in the face.

What rubbish, just kill him. There's nothing else to do with him in Danfeng.

Chang Nian couldn't stop her, but when he remembered Chang Lan's disdainful attitude towards Xia Ge earlier, he didn't want to stop her either.

Chu Yao came over and looked at Chang Lan's bruised and swollen face. "I'm going to Fengcheng."

Chang Lan met Chu Yao's gaze, and his cold eyes wavered slightly. Although his face was swollen and it wasn't noticeable, he still said calmly, "I don't know what happened inside."

"Xiao Yi is inside." Chu Yao said, "Even if it's for the Chu family, I have to bring her out."

Chang Lan looked at her and smiled meaningfully, "Wouldn't it be better for you if something happened to her?"

Xia Ge kicked him in the chest and stepped on him, pretending to smile, "Do you want me to teach you what it means to speak nicely?"

Chang Lan looked at Chu Yao and said, "Your sister-in-law leaked the account book to my family and little by little over the past three years, she has eaten away at the Chu family until it became the shaky state it is now. Don't you know?"

Xia Ge was stunned and forgot to hit him. She turned to look at Chu Yao, feeling complicated for a moment.

Regardless of right or wrong... this was Xiao Butterfly's own choice.

She had no right to interfere.

Chu Yao looked at Chang Lan and said, "I'll call you Senior Brother one last time."

"My sister-in-law is the rightful head of the Chu family, and she has never done such things." Chu Yao looked at Chang Lan, "That's it, Senior Brother."

Chang Lan looked at her fixedly, "Being too kind-hearted and soft will get you nowhere."

Chu Yao glanced at Chang Nian and then said to Chang Lan, "I always thought that you understood this feeling of being 'too kind-hearted and soft' earlier and more than I did."

Chang Lan glanced at himself pretending not to have seen anything, letting the little demon girl beat up his own younger brother, "..."

He thought blankly, what younger brother, he's so stupid. It would be better if mother gave birth to roast pork instead.

Chu Yao thought, this isn't being too kind-hearted and soft.
She was too proud and arrogant, and only understood the truth too late.

Xia Ge threw Chang Lan to the ground. "But we don't know what's happening in Feng City. Your sister is in there, and the demons have surrounded the city. If we go in directly, we might startle the snake and make things worse--"

Chu Yao looked at the bewildered wedding procession and the red sedan, and a smile curved her lips. "This is easy."

Then she turned to Chang Lan and said, "I know you'll help."

Chang Lan wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth and glanced at Xia Ge. 

"What are you looking at?" Xia Ge glared back.

Then he looked at Chang Nian.

Chang Nian, feeling guilty, ran away. "Brother, my horse seems to be frightened. I'm going to check on it!"

And she disappeared in a flash.

Chang Lan: "..."

Author's note: Chang Lan: Don't eat char siu bao while giving birth.
