Xia Ge spent the whole afternoon at the Siguge, searching for information about Lingxi Patriarch.

But...

"Um, on XX year XX day, Lingxi Patriarch and King Chu drank together..."

Oh, drinking, normal social interaction.

Xia Ge flipped through the pages expressionlessly.

"On XX year XX day, Lingxi Patriarch made friends with the beauty XXX..."

Oh, making friends, normal normal, as the head of a sect, it's good to know more... it's also normal to know beauties.

Xia Ge continued to flip through the pages without expression.

"On XX year XY day, Lingxi Patriarch saved a peerless beauty..."

...Well, a chivalrous and righteous patriarch... it's normal to save more people.

"On the evening of XX year XX day, Lingxi Patriarch ate a piece of osmanthus cake."

Okay, she finally couldn't explain it.

Xia Ge stared at the osmanthus cake, her hands holding the historical materials trembling slightly.

Silently putting down the legendary [historical materials], the veins on Xia Ge's forehead that had been suppressed for a long time finally burst.

System: "...Do you want to... drink some water?"

Xia Ge snapped: "What water to drink!"

What the hell is this, historical materials or Lingxi Patriarch's love affairs?! Historical materials! You are historical materials! It's official history! Can't you stop recording her patriarch going to brothels today and drinking flower wine tomorrow?! And eating osmanthus cake?! Why the hell did you write about eating a piece of osmanthus cake?! Official history? You're just a wild history!!

Xia Ge suppressed the urge to throw the [historical materials] in her hand into the fireplace as firewood and took a deep breath. "I was wrong. I shouldn't have come here to find information... Xiao Kui, in this [official history], it didn't even mention Lingxi Patriarch's real name!"

System: "..."

This seems a bit too much.

"Lingxi Patriarch is just called Lingxi Patriarch? Is it so perfunctory? What about her name? She's at least the head of a sect. Even if you don't write about her name being passed down through the ages, or what amazing things she did to become the head of this sect, at least write her real name, damn it!"
Xia Ge put the book back in its place, feeling deeply tired.

"Xiao Gui, how long has it been?" she asked.

"About five or six hours," Xiao Gui replied.

So, she had wasted an entire afternoon here reading about what Lingxi Laozu ate and drank on a certain day in a certain year and whom he met...

Yes, she had gone through this entire bookshelf, and all the records about Lingxi Laozu were irrelevant and had no historical significance.

This was ridiculous. She had not even had the time to copy the Thirty Dan Training even once.

The system pondered for a moment and said, "Actually, in a way, it's quite impressive that her hobbies have been recorded so thoroughly in historical records after five hundred years."

"So, I want to know why the official historians wrote down all this irrelevant stuff about her," Xia Ge said, gritting her teeth, "in the official history books."

"Maybe because she was awesome," the system replied.

Xia Ge was speechless for a moment. It was a good point. Could the system tell her what was so awesome about Lingxi Laozu? Could it list her achievements and make Xia Ge bow down in admiration? Even Xia Ge could eat more sweet osmanthus cakes than her if she had the money!

"Never mind," Xia Ge said, putting the book back in its place and taking a deep breath. "There must be more to her than this..."

There had to be, but Xia Ge could not find anything about her current identity.

The system hesitated and asked, "You found some clues and came here to check on Lingxi Laozu's... deeds?"

"Qinling Tomb," Xia Ge said, touching the spine of a book on the shelf. "The last stone chamber, where I met Su Chan... I saw something on the ceiling of the tomb."

The system was surprised. "What did you see?"

"There were two paintings. One was of the person I saw on the previous mural, Lingxi Laozu... She was kneeling in front of a mountain, playing a flute and crying," Xia Ge said, pursing her lips and feeling a headache coming on.
System: "Tears?"

"Yes," Xia Ge said, "I feel like she did something wrong."

"She's so capable, what could she have done wrong?" the system asked.

"Everyone makes mistakes," Xia Ge replied.

"I want to know where the mountain that made her cry is," Xia Ge thought for a moment, "because the second painting also has that mountain and a piece of clothing."

The system became nervous, "Clothing? Is it the Town Soul?"

Xia Ge shook her head and gestured, "I don't know if it's the Town Soul. The mural is too abstract... There's a mountain below, and the clothing is on the mountaintop, shining brightly. Lingxi Patriarch... sitting on the mountain peak playing the flute."

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment, "I feel like she's upset."

"The broken wall when we first entered the stone room also had a poem written on it," Xia Ge said, "The white bones mourn the end of the flute's sound, a sorrowful song that finally calms the soul. Don't you think the person who wrote this poem is very sad?"

"I don't know if they're sad, but they did mention the Town Soul..." the system said.

"..." Xia Ge gave up.

"I remember you saying that the Town Soul is a powerful garment that can suppress ghosts and protect souls?" Xia Ge said, "I think, just like how there are antidotes to poisonous snakes, the garment that can suppress evil spirits, whether it's the Town Soul or its sister, will be placed where there are many evil spirits."

"Um..." the system hesitated.

"Where could that mountain with many evil spirits be?" Xia Ge became distressed again, "I feel like that piece of clothing... even if it's not the Town Soul, it must have some connection to it."

"..." the system was speechless.

Looking at the row of useless books in front of her, Xia Ge gave up.

After leaving the Confession Pavilion, the system hesitated, "What about the clue about Lingxi Patriarch..."

 
"Is that it?"

"Of course not," Xia Ge said. "But we don't have the opportunity yet. We can only wait until we receive the jade pendant of an inner disciple and go to the inner disciple library. That is a proper library and should have more information than the Sigu Pavilion."

However, it was still very suspicious.

Xia Ge glanced at the Sigu Pavilion. Even though it was not an important library, as the founder of the Lingxi Peak, Lingxi Ancestor's actions should not have been so secretive.

Perhaps to avoid attention.

Anyway, she wasn't in a hurry.

Xia Ge collected her thoughts and as it was getting dark outside the Sigu Pavilion, she went directly to the Sword Peak.

She knew where the bird's nest and hawthorn and persimmon trees were in the Beast Peak and Pill Peak, but for the Sword Peak, she only knew which way the door opened.

This was embarrassing.

Although her wound wasn't hurting much anymore, if she made a big move with the Ghost Shadow Maze, it would definitely tear. There was no need to take unnecessary risks. Xia Ge held the box and decided to go through the main entrance honestly. She couldn't find the green hairband, so she just tied her hair with a black rope.

The mountain gate of the Sword Peak was similar to the Pill Peak, except that it was a cold blue instead of the Pill Peak's vermilion. The two pillars on both sides were made into sword shapes, which was quite arrogant. Xia Ge heard that the original mountain gate was not like this, but later a senior disciple of the Sword Peak felt that the Sword Peak should be domineering, so he had it changed to this appearance.

She didn't know where the confidence came from.

There were no disciples guarding the entrance. Thinking that she wouldn't have to see those arrogant Sword Peak disciples with their noses in the air, Xia Ge felt relieved.

"Hey, little brother, we meet again."

She hadn't felt relieved for long before her shoulder was suddenly tapped, and a cheerful voice sounded. Xia Ge was slightly startled and turned around to see a tall young man who looked a bit familiar but she couldn't remember where she had seen him before.

As soon as she saw the blue hairband on his head, Xia Ge immediately swallowed the words "who are you" and broke out into a brilliant smile. "Ah, yes, we meet again! It's been a long time. Brother, you've grown quite a bit taller!"

He was an outer disciple of the Sword Peak. Let's see if she could catch him and make him do some labor!

"Hahaha, it's been a long time. Little brother, you still haven't grown!" The young man patted her shoulder vigorously, looking delighted.

The strength was so great that for a moment, Xia Ge thought her abdominal wound was going to be split by the force of his palm.

...Stay calm.

What kind of talk was that, saying she still hadn't grown?!
Xia Ge endured humiliation and carried heavy burdens. Before she could say anything, the young man spoke again, "Last time we parted in a hurry and I didn't get a chance to ask your name, little brother. What's your name?"

So where did we meet before...

Xia Ge held back and said, "...Xia Wuyin."

"Xia Wuyin?" The young man was surprised, as if he had seen someone he was very surprised to see. "You're Xia Wuyin?"

-The genius young man who refined the Three-Life Golden Pill and was known as the only alchemist who could challenge the Earth-level alchemist in the Dan Feng Mountains?

Xia Ge: "???"

What's wrong with Xia Wuyin?

Seeing Xia Ge's puzzled look, the young man chuckled and didn't say much, "It doesn't matter. Xia Shidi may not remember my name either. My name is Li Liu, remember? The pancake from last time?"

Xia Ge suddenly realized, "Oh, it's you, I remember now."

It was the young man who wanted to pull him away when he met him in the village when the demonized puppets attacked.

"Little brother, you were so fast at that time, I was stunned." Li Liu laughed, "Really brave."

He was a real acquaintance, Xia Ge humbly said, "Where, where, Li Xiong is too kind."

"It's so late, what are you doing here, Xia Shidi?" Li Liu asked.

"I'm looking for someone." Xia Ge smiled.

"Looking for someone?" Li Liu was surprised, and then enthusiastically said, "Speaking of which, I still owe Xia Shidi a pancake- is there anything I can help with? I can help you look, I'm familiar with Jianfeng!"

Just waiting for you to say that! Xia Ge said reservedly, "The pancake is not necessary- does Li Shixiong know where the new disciples of Jianfeng are staying?"

"Then you have come to the right person! I live over there!" Li Liu said, "Who does Xia Xiaoxiong want to find? Just tell me, I promise to take you there!"

Having someone to lead the way was the best, Xia Ge was overjoyed, "I'm looking for Ye Ze- the one who transferred from Dan Feng to Jianfeng this year. Does Li Shixiong know?"

"...Ye Ze?" Li Liu was slightly startled, his expression somewhat strange. "Xia Shidi...you're looking for him?"

Xia Ge smiled. She had a good impression of the young man who held her back when the village below the mountain was in danger, and didn't think there was anything strange. "Yes, he took care of me a lot before, so I wanted to come and see him."

Li Liu hesitated for a while, "Okay, follow me."
Xia Ge felt that Li Liu's attitude was a bit strange, but he didn't think much of it. He touched the box in his arms and began to think about when his injury would heal so he could invite Ye Zeyue out for a drink.

Following Li Liu up the mountain, they met many Sword Peak disciples who smiled and greeted Li Liu. Li Liu was obviously very popular, and when he brought in a stranger, no one stopped them or asked any questions. Xia Ge followed behind and was amazed, "Is Senior Li also an outer disciple?"

It was rare to see these high-minded Sword Peak disciples talking normally to someone.

"Not anymore," Li Liu smiled. "I took the exam a few days ago, and the results were just released today. I barely passed, so I'm now an inner disciple. However, I haven't received my clothes yet. Speaking of which, your Senior Ye also lives in the same place as me."

"That's really fate," Xia Ge blinked.

"But..." Li Liu paused slightly and hinted, "I haven't seen him interact with outsiders."

Ye Ze's personality... was expected.

"It doesn't matter. Just take me to the place, and I'll just deliver something and then leave," Xia Ge said, shaking his head.

Li Liu didn't say much and led Xia Ge through several twists and turns. The houses were built along the mountainside, and people came and went. Li Liu brought Xia Ge to a small wooden house with a closed door. "This is it."

"Thank you for showing me the way, Senior Brother," Xia Ge said with a smile.

Because it was the old nest of Sword Peak's new disciples, many people looked at Xia Ge, who suddenly appeared at Ye Ze's door, with curiosity, speculation, and even disgust. Various eyes fell on him, making him feel uncomfortable. Li Liu found an excuse and left after sending Xia Ge to the door.

After Li Liu left, those gazes became even more unscrupulous. Xia Ge turned his head and glanced at them. Those who had not yet put on their sword clothes as new disciples withdrew their gazes and looked as if nothing had happened. But that kind of ambiguous malice still made him feel uncomfortable.

Xia Ge thought for a moment and still knocked on the door.

However, no one responded after knocking for a long time, as if there was no one inside.

Xia Ge knocked a few more times. "Senior Brother Ye, I've recovered from my injury and came to see you."

The door remained closed, but the silent room suddenly heard the low voice of a young man. "You can go back. There's no need."

"Senior Brother Ye, are you in there?" Xia Ge didn't notice that he was angry because of his lateness for the Danfeng competition. He continued to knock with a smile, "If you're in there, please open the door. I've climbed Sword Peak from afar and I'm tired. I'm already here, so can't you at least let me sit down and have a rest? I brought a gift..."

The tightly closed door was suddenly pulled open, bringing in a cold night breeze. Xia Ge's hand knocking on the door suddenly became empty. He looked at Ye Ze, whose face was swollen and purple, and his voice froze in his throat.

Ye Ze's black eyes looked at him, word by word, "Is it pretty?"

For a moment, Xia Ge didn't know how to answer. After a while, he said, "You...who hit you? I'll go beat him up!"
Ye Ze just watched him quietly, his black eyes silent like the silent night. "Xia Wuyin, don't come, go away."

His eyes were full of cold rejection and restraint.

Xia Ge's voice, filled with righteous indignation, got stuck in his throat for a moment before he spoke hesitantly, "I just came to give you something..."

He took out the black box wrapped in golden silk, and said, "I don't have anything to..."

"Crack!"

The box in his hand was suddenly knocked over by the person in front of him!

The young man seemed to have reached his limit, his low roar carrying suppressed anger, "I told you to leave - did you hear me?"

The black lacquer box was knocked over and rolled a few times on the ground. Suddenly, Xia Ge's hand was empty. She stood still, looking at Ye Ze, who suddenly erupted. For a moment, she didn't know what to say.

"Xia Wuyin!" Ye Ze looked at her like an injured but still proud beast. "Are you happy to see me like this!?"

Xia Ge pursed her lips.

"But remember this," his black eyes flashed with painful yet proud light. "I am now a disciple of Jianfeng. I am different from the trash of Danfeng and from you!"

He supported the door and pushed hard, his finger bones turning white. He took a deep breath and said word by word, "Take your things and go. I won't take them."

"Don't come, Xia Wuyin."

Xia Ge and he stared at each other for a long time. She slowly squatted down, picked up the box on the ground, and left silently, without saying a word, under the gaze of the Jianfeng disciples.

Watching the thin but straight back of the girl holding the box, Ye Ze snorted coldly and slammed the door shut with a "crack."

He was isolated from the crowd, who were either gloating or secretly watching. Ye Ze's tense body suddenly relaxed. He leaned against the door panel, slowly slid down, and finally covered his face, sitting weakly on the ground.

"Don't come, Xia Wuyin."

"Don't come again."

To be seen in such an embarrassing state.

It's really... shameful.
Actually, Sword Peak is not much higher than Dan Peak.

Why does everyone think that Sword Peak is higher than Dan Peak?

The highest peak of Sword Peak is the Sword Peak Conference Hall, which is fixed on the top of the peak by an array, and is considered the highest point of this peak.

Xia Ge sat on the roof of the Sword Peak Conference Hall, the moonlight was hazy, and she looked at the nearby clouds and mist, standing shoulder to shoulder with Sword Peak, and the almost equally high Dan Peak, feeling a bit confused.

After leaving Ye Ze, she did not return to Dan Peak, but used the Ghost Shadow Maze to climb to this "highest peak" that was different from Dan Peak.

The wound on her abdomen was still aching, and Xia Ge didn't know what she was feeling.

She knew that everything Ye Ze said was not true. He was just afraid that being involved with him would drag her down. The malicious glances from the Sword Peak disciples were really hard to ignore even with the shielding.

The higher the place, the colder it is. The mountain wind is extremely cold and sharp, and if it blows for too long, it will cause a headache. The system silently advised her.

"Go back, your injury is not fully healed yet."

Xia Ge sighed, "My thighs won't let me hug, can't I just feel uncomfortable in the cold wind here?"

The system: "..."

"In fact, I knew he would be bullied." Xia Ge looked at the box in her hand for a while, "I knew it a long time ago, but I didn't expect it to happen so soon. I was still a step too late."

"Really." Xia Ge sighed, "They are all so arrogant, it's hard for me to handle."

The system didn't reply.

Xia Ge didn't expect it to say anything. She put away the box. The wind was too cold. After calming down for a while, she felt that it was silly to stay here with her injuries in the middle of the night, and that Sword Peak was not higher than Dan Peak.

"Tsk, what a joke. I've made it big, and whether it's Sword Peak or Lingxi Peak, all of you should kneel down and call me dad!" Xia Ge kicked the tiles on the roof of the conference hall with a vengeance, "Damn it, all of you have long noses and look rotten."

"Clatter, clatter, clatter..."

The conference hall has been established for hundreds of years. Because of the array, the tiles on the top have not been replaced for many years, and some of them have become loose, which is called...

Years of disrepair.

Xia Ge's kick was not good. A bunch of loosely connected tiles fell down from the top of the peak like a row of dominoes, making a loud noise. The elegant conference hall of Sword Peak, which had been graceful for nearly five hundred years, suddenly became like a bald woman with lichen on her head, and the "beauty" was particularly abrupt.
Xia Ge couldn't believe it: "Is it really that bad?"

System: "..."

"Who's up there?!!"

The broken tiles obviously triggered the alarm of the Jianfeng disciples patrolling below. Xia Ge realized it was not good, so he immediately tried to slip away using his Ghost Steps technique. However, he was suddenly grabbed by the collar.

"You broke my roof tiles and now you want to run away?"

"Wow, you're beautiful!"
