"This time it definitely wasn't just my imagination," thought Xia Ge, who was a bit scared of ghosts. "Hmm, I'll go back and eat something good to calm myself down."

"I... don't want to die," the voice grew louder. Xia Ge heard it clearly this time.

She looked towards the child and saw that they had stopped breathing. As the voice grew louder, a vague shadow slowly appeared next to her. It was not eerie under the dark trees, but instead had a calm and peaceful aura. It floated next to the dead child, seemingly gazing at her. The blurry figure slowly became clear.

It was a child with beautiful eyes, black hair neatly combed, and a face identical to Dou Dou's but more refined, like a delicately carved princess. Her beautiful eyes stared at Xia Ge, calm and gentle.

Xia Ge suddenly felt like she was no longer afraid of ghosts.

After a pause, she asked, "What's your name?"

The child shook her head, looking at her with watery eyes. "I don't have a name," she said, or perhaps she had forgotten it.

By some strange impulse, Xia Ge heard herself say, "I'll help you find your hometown. Can I call you Dou Dou?"

"Okay," the child replied.

Xia Ge asked, "Where is your hometown?"

"...It's a place full of peach blossoms," Dou Dou's gaze became a bit unfocused.
Peach blossoms bloom everywhere, never withering.

"Do you not have a name?" Xia Ge paused, seeing Dou Dou's confused expression, and added, "I mean, a place name."

There are so many places where peach blossoms are grown, where to find it?

Dou Dou looked at her, looking confused.

System: "She couldn't possibly remember."

"The souls of the dead who remain in the world because of their obsession, apart from their own obsession before they die, will forget everything else."

Xia Ge: "..."

So that's why she doesn't know her own name?

The system paused, "...also, at this time...it's best not to let it realize that it has 'died'."

"Why?"

System: "This is a newly out-of-body soul, and it hasn't realized that it has 'died' yet. If they realize that they have 'died', the fragile soul will directly demonize because it cannot accept reality, or some souls have an obsession that they have not completed in their lifetime. In order to complete their unfinished obsession - but generally puppeteers will use 'awakening' at this stage to transfer them to puppets, with a success rate of 99%..."

"..."

Xia Ge was thinking about what to do, while Dou Dou looked down at her empty hands for a while, suddenly saying, "It's gone."

Xia Ge looked up at her, Dou Dou's pupils slightly dilated, her delicate expression tinged with panic, which slowly began to enlarge. "It's gone!"

"Gone -"

She began to look around, "It's gone, it's gone -"

Xia Ge: "What's gone?"

"The ashes -" Dou Dou began to look around.

- Don't let her realize that she's already dead.

Xia Ge suddenly blocked her view just as she was about to see her own body -

"Gone." Dou Dou looked very sad, and her body even began to emit a little black smoke. Her beautiful eyes also began to lose their spirit. "...Sister, have you seen my ashes?"
...ashes?

System: "Uh oh! It's going to turn into a demon!"

Xia Ge: "I didn't let her see her own corpse! Her ashes? How does she know she's dead?!"

System: "It's not her ashes! It's-"

Xia Ge suddenly thought of the two jars the child was clutching when she died.

Could it be...

The girl's fair hands slowly turned black, and her eyes began to change.

"Sister, didn't you see it?" Dou Dou's voice sounded sad. "If we lose it, then our hometown...will lose its meaning."

"I saw it!" Xia Ge said.

Dou Dou's eyes suddenly brightened.

"But before that, we can make a deal, okay?" Xia Ge said.

"Why do I have to turn around?" Dou Dou asked.

"Because if you turn around, you can see a lot of...pine cones!" Xia Ge said.

"What are pine cones?" Dou Dou looked at her confusedly. "I just want the ashes."

"You will have the ashes," Xia Ge said, blocking the child's body and feeling a headache. "Yes, everyone will have ashes."

Xia Ge tried to make light of the situation.

Dou Dou looked at her for a while, slowly turned around and said, "I trust you, sister...but I didn't see any pine cones."

While the soul was turned away, Xia Ge struggled to pry the jar out of the corpse's hand. "Take another look...maybe it's in the sky."
Doudou turned back a little unhappy and said, "Is there anything in the sky? Are you lying to me, sister?"

Her voice trailed off.

Summer had just taken a jar off Doudou's body: "..."

Doudou: "..."

Summer awkwardly blocked Doudou's line of sight and said, "Haha, your twin sister... she's sleeping, look at her, um, she's sleeping soundly, let's not disturb her..."

"...Am I dead?"

Doudou looked at her, "I'm dead, right?"

This was a really awkward question.

"No... maybe you can get to know each other," Summer struggled to say.

"But I can't die." Doudou muttered to herself, "I still have...unfinished business."

Summer observed and found no signs of magic on Doudou. The black smoke that had appeared earlier due to the loss of the urn was gone.

"...I still have to send their ashes back." Doudou's tears fell, "I still have a long, long way to go."

"How can I die?"

"Don't cry." Summer was a bit at a loss, "You...um, where do you want to send it, I'll help you send it, I...I can run very fast, don't cry."

"But I...I'm dead."

"You're not dead!" Summer held the urn and said, "Who said you're dead!"

Doudou reached out to touch the urn, and her transparent hand went straight through Summer's chest.

"...Believe me, this is a dream." Summer's voice was soft, "You're not dead, you're just dreaming."

"When will I wake up then?"

The soul looked at Summer, full of sadness, "When will I wake up?"

Summer touched her head, "Soon, you'll wake up soon."
【Resurrection from Death: Awakening】

Doudou's eyes became empty.

System: "This is really good material to practice with."

Xia Ge: "..."

Although Xia Ge had bought materials for dolls on the black market before, she had no experience.

"May God or the God of Wealth bless me." Xia Ge took out the puppet materials from her ring. "I am a good person."

After preparing the materials, Xia Ge looked at Doudou's soul and stopped again.

"What am I doing?"

Turn a person into a puppet... and after ten years, this child's soul will become an evil spirit?

For some reason, Chu Yi's eyes flashed through her mind.

Xia Ge's heart trembled slightly.

"I can't do it."

Xia Ge stopped and looked at the scattered materials, lowering her eyelashes. "Let's leave it at that."

System: "But she is..."

Xia Ge reached out and Doudou opened her eyes, looking at her in confusion.

"You died." Xia Ge looked at her quietly.

Doudou didn't say anything, just stared at her.

"But I can take you to find your hometown." Xia Ge said, "So don't be afraid."

Doudou lowered her head.

Xia Ge made a grave for Doudou, erected a tombstone, and wrote "Nameless" on it.
Doudou looked at his own grave and asked, "Why isn't my name 'Doudou' written on it?"

Xia Ge replied, "Hmm... because Doudou is still alive."

Doudou looked at her in confusion.

Xia Ge smiled and said seriously, "Because you are still alive in my heart."

Even though he was just a soul, Doudou's face blushed slightly. "But I am already dead. Doudou is with my sister... or someone else."

Xia Ge fell silent for a while and then apologized. This was her way of admitting it.

"It's okay," Doudou mimicked her comforting gesture and patted Xia Ge's head with innocent eyes. "I am glad that I can remind you of your loved ones."

"If I meet someone who reminds me of my loved ones now," Doudou said, "I would be very happy."

Xia Ge was slightly startled.

"Although now, I don't even remember who I am," Doudou continued.

Doudou looked at his simple grave and said, "But I am still greedy... I hope that even after a long, long time, someone will remember me like you remember 'Doudou'."

Xia Ge felt a pang in her heart.

"I will remember you," Xia Ge said softly. "I won't forget."

"Okay," Doudou was also optimistic. "That's enough."

And so, the two souls continued on their journey.

Xia Ge realized that this was not Evil Spirit Mountain.

There was famine everywhere, people talked about the great famine, and there were starving corpses everywhere. It was extremely tragic.

Xia Ge finally realized that she seemed to have crossed the river of time and traveled five hundred years into the past.

But she had no time to find a way back.
The ashes in Dou Dou's hands are those of her deceased parents.

"I don't know...how I ended up here," Dou Dou said. "I can't remember anything - it doesn't matter where I'm buried, but I must send them home."

However, in an era of raging war, where can one find a peaceful paradise?

Xia Ge and Dou Dou wandered for a long time and found many peach trees, but they had not yet reached the season of blooming peach blossoms.

"The peach blossoms there never wither," Dou Dou looked at the unopened peach trees, her eyes dim. "...It's not here."

"It's okay," Xia Ge comforted her. "We can still look for it."

But she had time, and Dou Dou did not.

Gradually, she found that Dou Dou's soul began to thin out.

As if it was about to disperse.

The starlight twinkled.

In Xia Ge's eyes, there was a flickering bonfire.

System: "You have to make a decision quickly."

"You now have two options...either turn her into a puppet, or quickly fulfill her obsession before her soul disperses, letting her reincarnate."

Xia Ge threw firewood into the bonfire and looked at the transparent figure not far away.

Fireflies danced in the girl's palm, her smile innocent and lovely.

"What if neither of them work?" Xia Ge was a little melancholic.

The system's voice was a bit cold, "The third option is to do nothing and watch her soul disperse."

Xia Ge murmured, "...Do we have to find that place?"

Dou Dou turned around, "Hm?"

"...It's nothing."

Unconsciously, Xia Ge broke the branch in her hand.

◇
