"Sister has disappeared?!"

This was undoubtedly a bolt from the blue, and it stunned Xia Ge.

The system said, "…your sister woke up?"

Xia Ge heard this news in a small teahouse, where people were chatting and eating melon seeds while a storyteller was performing on stage.

She took a sip of tea, feeling overwhelmed by the sudden news. She was at a loss, as if she was facing a sudden challenge.

"My sister...must have woken up," she muttered.

The system poured cold water on her: "Not necessarily, maybe someone with ill intentions stole the body."

Xia Ge clenched the teacup, thinking that this was also a possibility.

"Why did she disappear?"

"I don't know. They said that the servant girl who took care of the senior disciple went to the Xiangxin Palace early in the morning to sweep and sprinkle, but when she looked, there was no trace of her on the ice bed!"

"Who would kidnap her..."

"Hey hey...maybe..."

Several people whispered, and Xia Ge vaguely heard her name.

"Is it really her?"

"...Is she still in love with someone?"

The system saw through everything: "Looks like they're blaming you."

Xia Ge absentmindedly drank a sip of tea, "...it doesn't matter anyway."

If her sister woke up, a hundred or ten thousand of these accusations would be nothing.

The system said, "Actually, I think it's more likely that she was stolen...after all, if she woke up, she wouldn't just disappear without reporting to the sect leader, right? I don't think she would leave such a big mess behind at Danfeng."

After expressing her thoughts, the system saw Xia Ge speechless for a while and asked, "What do you think?"

Xia Ge looked at the tea waves in her cup and said nothing. She shook her sleeve and left the teahouse.
The location of the Chu family was not difficult to find. It was located in Chang'an, a giant of a city and the former site of the imperial palace. Xia Gei entered stealthily and disappeared without a trace. The Chu family was full of experts, so to prevent herself from being discovered as soon as she entered, she bought a pill from the market that was specifically designed to hide her aura.

As she entered the Chu family, which was once the Chu palace, all she could see were corridors, palaces, carved railings, and painted eaves. There were exotic flowers and plants and winding paths that made it easy to get lost.

As Xia Gei tried to figure out which direction was north, south, east, and west, she said, "The Chu king must have embezzled a huge sum of money to build such a magnificent palace."

The system replied, "This palace was built when her father was still the king, not the princess. That is to say, her father built it."

Xia Gei suddenly realized her mistake.

After walking for a while, she seemed to be in a place like the imperial garden, with overlapping rockeries, flowing streams, and flowers blooming in the spring. The flowers looked precious, but Xia Gei didn't recognize any of them because she didn't use her detection technique.

Just as she was thinking about how rich the Chu family was, she turned a corner and was almost blinded by a pink mist that came towards her.

...Peach blossoms.

It was as if a special area had been set aside for planting peach trees, and now it was the season for peach blossoms. At a glance, the snow-white and pink mist was beautiful.

For some reason, Xia Gei suddenly thought of Chang'an peach blossoms, which Chu Yao often mentioned in her letters.

It must be like this.

However, before Xia Gei could take a closer look, she heard a rush of footsteps in the distance. "Hurry up, hurry up! If we're late, the family head won't spare us!"

Xia Gei quickly disappeared into the peach tree, holding her breath. She saw a row of green-clad maidservants hurrying towards her, each holding a variety of head ornaments, which were particularly delicate and exquisite.

Family head?

Xia Gei was puzzled. Why did the family head need head ornaments? Wasn't the head of the Chu family a man?

Xia Gei had just come out of the demonic sect and had only heard a little bit of news in the teahouse before rushing over. Naturally, she didn't know that the Chu family had changed hands.

But no matter what, Xia Gei knew that following them was the right thing to do.

Even if she couldn't find Chu Yao, she could find the center of power here.

Xia Gei followed them, dodging and weaving, but the leading maidservant was not easy to fool. After a few steps, she suddenly stopped and frowned as she looked around.

A maidservant behind her asked carefully, "What's wrong, Sister Qiuyi?"

Xia Gei thought, what a nice name. If you didn't know, you would think it was a sports jersey.
The leader, named Ball Jersey, furrowed his brow and after a moment of hesitation said, "It's nothing."

However, when Xia Ge continued to follow them, he became more vigilant. Xia Ge lightened her footsteps.

As expected, the Chu family was full of hidden talents.

Xia Ge thought that they would enter the center of power in the Chu family and then search for Chu Yao's whereabouts in a scattered manner. However, these maids walked further and further away from the center, and Xia Ge almost thought that they had discovered her and were pretending not to know, and were planning to lead her to a place like the cold palace to be punished.

Xia Ge was thinking about how to escape if there was an ambush later or whether she should leave now. She followed them to a somewhat deserted palace - it shouldn't be called a palace now, it was more like a secluded courtyard.

However, although the courtyard looked secluded, there were two maids guarding outside. They had red lips and white teeth, and their breath was hidden, making them look like they were not easy to provoke.

Xia Ge estimated that even if they attacked her together, she could beat them up and retreat safely. So she continued to watch from behind.

The leader, Ball Jersey, stood outside the courtyard and said cautiously to the two maids, "I have seen the two sisters, Chunhua and Xiayue. I have been ordered to send the main headgear by the master."

The maid named Xiayue didn't even bother to look at him, but Chunhua smiled gently, "The master is resting now..."

Autumn breeze smiled and took Chunhua's hand. Her water sleeves covered a meaningful sight, "Please excuse us, sisters. It's not easy for the master to come to this place, and Autumn understands your hard work. This is a small gift, please accept it."

Chunhua was obviously a senior maid who was used to all kinds of situations. She covered the heavy silver in her hand with her sleeve, and lazily said, "Go in."

Autumn obediently led the way.

Xia Ge rubbed her chin, her focus was slightly different, "Chu Yao always mentioned that her father gave a serious impression as the head of the Chu family. Why are there suddenly so many beautiful women here?"

The system said, "The Chu family is a big family, and how can they not have beautiful women as maids to maintain their image? And every generation of emperors has three thousand beauties, do you think they are all serious?"

Xia Ge: "..."

All emperors are the same, Liu Bang is not very serious either.

Of course, she didn't have time to care whether Liu Bang was serious or not now, because no matter whether the head of the Chu family was serious or not, this place was definitely not the Chu family's legitimate center of power.

Xia Ge didn't want to waste time, so she turned and left.

Meanwhile, in the small courtyard.

Chu Yi held a letter in her hand, her black almond eyes empty, her black hair scattered over her shoulders. She was sitting quietly on the steps, regardless of the fact that her blue satin dress was stained with dust. Butterflies fluttered around her, and her fair complexion was slightly lonely.

The breeze blew and the wind chimes on the eaves rang.
Did she have a hallucination?

In the wind, it seemed like there was that person's breath?

Chu Yi subconsciously looked up.

However, Autumn arrived at this moment and didn't dare to get too close to the master, keeping a distance of five steps and respectfully saying, "Master, what you wanted..."

Her voice interrupted Chu Yi's perception.

"Put it there." Chu Yi's voice was cold, "Get out!"

Autumn's face turned pale. The master's mood was obviously not good. After placing the things properly, she silently retreated.

That breath was like the wind, unfathomable. In a moment of carelessness, there was no trace left.

A butterfly landed on the letter in her hand.

...This was sent by the Demon Sect yesterday.

The love letter that the former head of the Chang family had sent to Qin Yue.

The others were all destroyed by the Chang family head, and only one was left.

Chu Yi's eyes darkened slightly as she put away the letter, stood up, and a silver butterfly flew down, picking up a jade hairpin and handing it to her.

Leaving the courtyard, Xia Yue and Chun Hua followed behind. Chun Hua asked, "Where does the master want to go? Do you need someone to go with you?"

Chu Yi smiled slightly, "No need. I don't know what my sister has prepared, but I want to go see her."

Her tone was peaceful, and it seemed that there was no hostility.

Chun Hua and Xia Yue looked at each other and saw a hint of horror in each other's eyes.

Chun Hua agreed, "Okay."

Xia Ge naturally didn't know who the master surrounded by beauties in that small courtyard was, but after wandering around for a while and listening to the maids' idle chatter, she finally found Chu Yao when it was almost evening.

The sunlight shone on her, and Xia Ge felt a bit of tragic heroism, as if she might never return.

Chu Yao's courtyard was very large and decorated very gorgeously, but there was no trace of the kind of publicity and joy that a soon-to-be-married woman should have.
For some reason, as Xia Ge walked along, she always felt a certain sense of oppression in the Chu family courtyard.

Xia Ge said, "I always feel like something's not right..."

The system asked, "What's not right?"

"The atmosphere in the Chu family is like someone just died."

"Hush, a lot of people have died in this courtyard."

"...," Xia Ge fell onto the plane tree in front of Chu Yao's courtyard and heard voices from inside.

It was Chu Yao's voice!

The other voice was also very familiar... Chu Yi!

Xia Ge held her breath. It was well-known that the two sisters in the Chu family didn't get along, so it was strange that they were together in the same room.

"... Here's yours, I'm returning it to you," Chu Yao's voice was faint. "I've never liked owing people anything."

"Sister, you're really aloof."

Xia Ge heard Chu Yi's soft laughter, "You're always so proud, even if you have nothing, you can still be like that..."

"Why can you live like this?" Chu Yi asked naturally, as if she were talking about today's weather.

Xia Ge didn't hear Chu Yao's voice.

She felt something was wrong. Chu Yi was here, and it might be troublesome to take Chu Yao away.

"Because you're not a bastard, you have a pair of beautiful eyes, and you can live in the envy of others by borrowing their light," Chu Yao said. "It's because you're too extreme."

Chu Yi smiled slightly, "That's why I envy my sister so much."

"My sister will never feel jealous, so she'll never be extreme... because what she wants will immediately appear before her eyes. She'll always be carefree because everyone's sunshine is on her, and her eyes... will always be able to see the light."

"And their darkness, hatred, dissatisfaction, and anger..." Chu Yi's voice was even softer. She paused and said, "...I've never dared to get angry like my sister and show it on my face."
Chu Yao remained silent.
