The creaking sound of the wooden door of the Repentance Pavilion faded away into the air.

The cold and aloof senior sister had disappeared from her sight.

"What nonsense..."

Summer threw away the wooden fragments of the pearwood table she had hidden in her sleeve and jumped off the table. "Forget it."

She couldn't win even if she fought, and she had lost her only chance.

It's better to give up.

If she hadn't succeeded just now, she would have to face the genius beauty senior sister and abandon the good life she had finally established in Danfeng Peak, and endure the pursuit of Lingxi Peak. It's not worth it.

But she had to be careful in the future.

Being chased by Lingxi Peak wasn't a big deal, but if someone found out what she was practicing, she would be like a rat crossing the street - no, worse than that. When a rat crosses the street, people will beat it up, but she would be killed without crossing the street.

"Ah, it's a tragedy no matter how you think about it."

"Host, you have obtained the glass wood, it's time to prepare for an upgrade," the system reminded her coldly.

"I know, I know..." Summer kissed the glass wood in her hand and smiled. Regardless of what she had lost, it didn't seem like a big loss for now, at least.

She looked at the wide-open window, and the darkness before dawn gradually dissipated, revealing a faint light in the east.

It was almost dawn.

==

Gu Peiju left the Repentance Pavilion with her clothes and met Ye Ze after walking a few steps.

Ye Ze was carrying a lunch box, wearing a linen robe, and walking in a hurry.

Meeting the big shot who patrolled the morning classes every day at the door of the Repentance Pavilion, Ye Ze was stunned. "Senior sister?!"

He hadn't even had time to change his clothes...

Wait, forget about his clothes, what was that scary thing in the big shot's hand?!!
It seemed to be a person, with their head blocked behind Gu Peiju, so Ye Ze could only see the body wearing a tattered gray vest.

"This is Yimei." The senior sister's voice was cold. "Morning class is approaching. Why haven't you changed into Danfeng clothes?"

"I..." Ye Ze was embarrassed. "I, I will..."

The senior sister didn't say anything when he delivered food to that guy last night. Could he...

But it seemed that the senior sister was particularly merciful yesterday. After all, in general, other people cannot deliver food to punished disciples.

Ye Ze made up his mind and was about to ask if he could go and deliver breakfast to that guy, but suddenly heard Gu Peiju say, "What you have in your hand is Xia Wuyin's breakfast?"

He was asked what he was thinking, and Ye Ze was stunned on the spot, then quickly nodded, "Yes!"

Xia Wuyin cannot go hungry.

This is Ye Ze's deep-rooted idea.

The eastern sky was filled with a hint of light.

The morning light was faint.

"Give me the thing, and you go back and change your clothes." Gu Peiju said lightly, "Hurry up, morning class is about to start."

"Ah? Oh... okay."

Ye Ze gave the breakfast in his hand to the senior sister, and he was still a little dazed.

Gu Peiju, who has always been mature beyond her years... actually...?

Unbelievable.

At this moment, in the Confession Hall.

Xia Ge was sitting cross-legged in meditation.

Hmm... since the senior sister wants her to be a servant, does that mean she doesn't have to copy the Dan training before the exam?

If she doesn't have to copy the Dan training, why is she still sitting in the Confession Hall?

"Ah, I'm free now! I'll invite Ye Ze to go down the mountain for a drink later--"
Just as Xia Ge was about to happily pat her butt and leave through the mess, the door that had been closed was pushed open with a "creak". Perhaps it was because of the thrilling night, Xia Ge let out a scream and instinctively used her Ghostly Shadow technique to jump onto the windowsill. "Who's there?!" It was her senior sister who had returned. Her black hair was tied lazily with a red ribbon at the end, and she held her clothes in one hand while the other was behind her back, holding something. She said to Xia Ge, who was still in a daze on the windowsill, "It's me. I just wanted to tell you to tidy up the Si Guo Ge before leaving." Xia Ge's gaze lingered on the wooden debris and the messy table in the Si Guo Ge before turning to her senior sister, who seemed to have something to say. "Hmm?" Senior Sister Gu Peijiu raised an eyebrow when Xia Ge didn't respond for a while. Xia Ge was hesitant, but finally decided to speak softly, "Senior Sister, I haven't passed the exam yet." ...So is it too early to let her do everything? She glanced outside and saw that the eastern sky was turning pale. According to the plan, Ye Ze should be coming to bring her breakfast by now. Damn it, she should have met Ye Ze on her way back and arranged to drink some wine in the afternoon after skipping the alchemy class! Now that her senior sister was here, Ye Ze wouldn't dare to come in and bring her food, and the morning class was about to start. Ye Ze definitely wouldn't take the risk of being late and caught by Senior Sister to bring her breakfast. Ah, she should send her senior sister away first! Senior Sister Gu Peijiu said lightly, "As an outer disciple, you're responsible for cleaning the place daily. If you can pass the exam, you won't have to deal with these miscellaneous things." Her voice paused slightly, "...you haven't done it before?" Xia Ge was taken aback and immediately said, "No, no, no, Senior Sister. How could I trouble you to come and tell me about such a small task? I would have done it even if you didn't say anything. Senior Sister, do you...not need to inspect the morning class?" Gu Peijiu glanced at her and nodded before turning to leave. Xia Ge breathed a sigh of relief. Ye Ze still hadn't shown up. There was only one way to the Si Guo Ge, so he must have been stopped by Senior Sister. She wasn't hungry before, but now that she thought about not having anything to eat, Xia Ge suddenly felt very hungry.
Xia Ge touched her empty stomach and looked at the messy Si Guo Ge with great sadness.

But then, her gaze swept over the room...

No food...huh...huh?!

When Senior Sister left, she didn't close the door, and Ye Ze's lunchbox, which he usually used to bring her food, was sticking out, like a beauty in a brothel with half of her face hidden behind a pipa, shyly throwing a seductive wink at her.

Xia Ge quickly jumped down from the window and almost teleported to the door. What did she see?!

She actually saw Ye Ze's lunchbox, which he often brought her food in!

When did...Ye Ze just come? No, that's impossible. Only Senior Sister was here just now...

Senior Sister.

The scene just now flashed through her mind. Senior Sister was holding the dead clothes in her left hand and her right hand was behind her back...

Ah, so that's what happened.

Xia Ge picked up the lunchbox from the ground and opened it. Several steaming buns emitted a tempting aroma. Xia Ge swallowed her saliva.

"It doesn't look that strict after all."

Holding the lunchbox, Xia Ge placed a chair that had fallen but was still intact back in its place. She comfortably sat on it and took a bite of a bun.

The hot and soft taste, along with the fresh meat juice that made her salivate, burst in her mouth. For a moment, Xia Ge thought she had ascended to heaven.

In this world, only wine and buns cannot be betrayed!!

Xia Ge happily squinted her eyes. Unlike yesterday when she wolfed down the fried rice, she ate the bun slowly, almost like a noble, savoring every taste of the meat juice that slowly permeated every taste bud, greedily feeling every flavor that the bun could offer her.

After all, you never know where the next bun will come from.

She didn't know why she thought of the words she used to say like a teenager with a delusional disorder. Xia Ge shuddered involuntarily.

But the children who heard this sentence back then should also have buns that they couldn't finish, just like her, right?

She hoped so.
"Ah, Xiaoguai, so sad," said Xia Ge slowly while nibbling on a steamed bun, looking up at the sky outside at a 45-degree angle.

"... " The system instinctively ignored her words.

"Xiaoguai, do you know that I have too many buns to eat now, but why is the passion I had before gone?" 

The system: "... Have you ever had passion?!"

Xia Ge adjusted herself to a comfortable position. "But come to think of it, the slower you eat the buns, the more delicious they taste."

The system: "Please host, clean up quickly."

Are you just trying to procrastinate and not work?!

Xia Ge became even sadder. "Why don't you understand my nostalgic feelings as an old person?"

The system tolerated this thirteen-year-old girl's nostalgic mood.

The consequence of tolerance was that this girl who was nostalgic in her heart ate two buns for a full two hours.

The system: "... Is the last bun cold?"

No, it was already cold by the third one, right?!

"Ah, the last two buns are cold." Xia Ge's gaze glanced over the mess in the room, and she immediately covered her face and cried, "Why do people always have to make a painful choice between keeping the deliciousness of the buns and eating cold buns?"

The system was cold: "Host, you should clean up now."

Xia Ge was shocked. "Isn't it still not time for lunch?"

The system: "... You're doing this on purpose!"
