"The sickle is so sharp!" 

Xia Ge was amazed. The feeling of cutting the tree just now was like cutting tofu, it was super satisfying!

System: "..." Is this the focus?

However, the current situation clearly did not allow Xia Ge to make any more unnecessary emotions. Those black shadows dodged the slanting tree trunk very agilely and continued to come towards her relentlessly!

The demonic energy on the back mountain began to stir uneasily, and there was a cold wind blowing behind her!

Xia Ge held the sickle with both hands, pulled and stretched it, with a "clang" sound, the handle of the sickle suddenly turned into three sections connected by chains. She held the middle section and swung the end straight towards her shoulder. With a pull, there was a clear sound of hitting metal. Xia Ge curled up her body, held the handle of the sickle on the top section, and kicked back hard. With the force in mid-air, she made a 360-degree rotation. The huge sickle blade on the top followed her rotation and cut the shadow behind her from bottom to top, with a heart-wrenching scream. The black shadow that had attacked her from behind had been cut in half by the sickle!

- No blood.

Moonlight penetrated the dense forest on the back mountain, reflecting the cold light in the green-haired young man's eyes holding the three-section sickle. Xia Ge landed, and the shadow that had been cut in half also fell to the ground with a "plop" sound. Those shadows seemed to be frightened by her clean and neat cut, and shrunk into the darkness without any movement.

Xia Ge "clang clang" twice to restore the sickle to its original state, without looking at what it was, she took a step forward casually, but suddenly stepped on something cold. She looked down and found that she was stepping on half of a mask.

A hideous bronze mask, the eye part was dug out, and the blood-red mouth was wide open, with terrifying sharp fangs.

The cut on the half mask was smooth, but it was her handiwork just now.

Xia Ge's movements paused.

A demonic puppet?

Those just now were demonic puppets?

Only the faces of demonic puppets have masks.

...To prevent others from seeing their appearance before they were transformed.

Since she had intimidated them, then-

Now, immediately, leave here!!!

However, Xia Ge had not taken a step forward yet.

"Yo yo..."

That eerie chirping sound sounded again.
Xia Ge immediately gripped her sickle tightly!

System: "Host... I think you're really in trouble this time."

Xia Ge: "You're such a jinx, can't you say something good?"

In the next moment, several heart-wrenching roars and several even larger puppets suddenly appeared, surrounding her in the middle - their speed was so fast that Xia Ge didn't even see how they appeared!

"There are so many demonized puppets in the back mountain..." Xia Ge's eyes flashed with a green light and she activated her puppet detection.

【Guardian Spirit (Demonized)

Level: C

Status: (Under Control)

Explanation: Originally a normal puppet created for guarding spirits, but lost its purpose due to the departure of the guardian spirit and eventually became demonized.】

C-level demonized puppets, the same level as the puppets that attacked the village last time, but she couldn't see their weapons -

Wait!

Under control?

These puppets are now under control? Who? Who is controlling them?

"Yo yo..."

It seemed like it was going to answer Xia Ge's question, and that strange voice sounded again.

This voice?

Is it this voice -

The demonized puppets surrounding her moved.

Xia Ge gripped the sickle handle tightly, and her pitch-black pupils turned deep purple in an instant.

【Soul Snatcher】.

However, what surprised her was that those puppets did not attack her. They just took a step back and then made way for her.
Xia Ge's eyes flashed, and she launched her Ghost Shadow technique, wielding her sickle and charging towards the sky. But the next moment, a demonic puppet suddenly appeared in front of her, its terrifying mask burning with a blue soul fire. In the blink of an eye, it blocked her path!

Xia Ge swung her sickle in reverse.

"Clang!"

Sparks flew, and Xia Ge widened her eyes in surprise. The demonic puppet had stopped her blade with just one iron arm!

[Puppet Detection]!

[Spirit Guardian (Demonic)]

Level: A

Status: Controlled

"Get out of my way!" Xia Ge glared at the soul fire in its eyes, her purple gaze deep, and exerted all her strength. "I'll make you--get out of my way!!"

"Clang--slish--"

Sparks flew again! Xia Ge had chopped off the arm that was holding her sickle! The soul fire in the puppet's eyes flickered, and its deep blue flames turned purple in an instant. Its black hair flew as it launched its Ghost Shadow technique. Xia Ge hooked her sickle around the puppet's steel neck and swung it back to its original position.

"I command you to hold them off for me!!"

"Bang!"

Xia Ge glanced at the A-level [Spirit Guardian] that had lost one arm and fallen into the demonic puppet's circle. She was about to leave when a faint light flashed by the side of the Spirit Guardian.

It reflected the cold moonlight, yet had the warm color of jade.

Wait!

Xia Ge widened her eyes suddenly and felt her waist. It was empty.

--The Ghost Dragon Jade!

The puppet didn't catch up.

She could escape now.

--I can't take care of you anymore.
Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly.

In the next moment, the green-haired boy appeared once again in the center of the puppet's encirclement. However, before she could pick up the Ghost Dragon Jade on the ground and quickly retreat, a light "yo-yo" sound rang out accompanied by the sound of hooves lightly treading on the ground.

What was that sound?

The puppets surrounding her did not attack, but instead took a step back in unison.

It seemed like something was approaching. Xia Ge instinctively looked over and just before her fingertips touched the Ghost Dragon Jade, she saw the path opened up by the puppets. A slender-legged, blue plum blossom deer with a graceful gait and a body covered in blue plum blossoms slowly walked towards her.

- A lost path, unable to return.

That plum blossom deer was extremely beautiful, like a dream that one couldn't look away from with just one glance.

As if bewitched, Xia Ge looked at it and lost her senses.

"Yo-yo..."

The deer cried out and walked up to her side, gently rubbing its furry cheek against her face. It was only then that Xia Ge, who was in a daze, saw that the deer also had a pair of purple eyes.

Very beautiful purple eyes.

Even more profound and charming, the purple eyes were like stars in the sky. Even though it couldn't speak, Xia Ge seemed to understand its meaning.

A demonic aura lingered.

The system was anxious, "Host!! Host, run away quickly!! It's a Lost Path Deer!! Don't look into its eyes--"

Xia Ge vaguely heard the system's warning, but her mind was blank and she couldn't think.

- A lost path deer, unable to return.

Lost Path Deer.

...So it was a deer, not a path.

- Come with me.

"...Jade..."

Xia Ge looked at those eyes, and the purple in her eyes slowly dimmed. She instinctively pulled on her own hair, trying to struggle, "...Ghost..."
"Yo yo."

The lost deer's purple eyes seemed to have stars in them. "Yo yo-"

-You don't need it anymore.

-You were going to give it up anyway.

-Come with me, I'll take you to a place.

Xia Ge stood up woodenly, carrying a sickle, and followed the lost deer, step by step towards the deeper part of the mountain.

The slanting branches quietly hooked the green hairband that the boy was wearing, which had been pulled crooked.

Without the restraint of the hairband, the ink-like black hair quietly slid down the boy's shoulders. In the fragmented moonlight, the boy's back with the black hair hanging down quietly gained a few more feminine features.

- When the white bones are in despair, wait for your return.

= =

It was another awakening.

Gu Peijiu was already used to it. She rubbed her temples and got up.

The peach blossoms had withered, and two tussocks of feather grass were inserted casually in the white porcelain vase on the table. The few round, cute red hawthorns surrounded the small vase, looking adorable in the moonlight. Unlike usual, there was a pot of peach blossom wine and a white porcelain wine bottle on the table.

Gu Peijiu walked to the table and poured herself a glass of wine.

When pouring the wine, her hand shook and the wine spilled out of the bottle. A strange sense of unease suddenly rose in her heart.

Gu Peijiu paused slightly, pushed aside the green curtain, and the breeze blew in from the window, mixing with the fragrance of night-blooming jasmine.

Although subtle, Gu Peijiu still felt the three-point demonic energy in the wind.

This direction...

It was the back mountain again!

Gu Peijiu's eyes turned cold, put down the wine glass, put on the Danfeng plain clothes, and rolled the red water chestnut in her sleeve. With a flash, she left.

The demonic energy in the back mountain was churning.
After arriving at the back mountain, Gu Peijiu discovered that the disciples guarding the mountain were all sound asleep, not a single one was awake.

Sure enough, something was amiss!

The girl in red and white maple clothes, with a slightly chilling gaze, ignored the sleeping Sword Peak disciples and went straight into the back mountain.

The back mountain was the resting place of Lingxi Patriarch. During his time, puppetry was at its peak.

Nowadays, the back mountain was filled with dancing demonic puppets and enchanting demons, and anyone who entered would never come out!

Who was it?

Gu Peijiu flashed and arrived at the place with the heaviest demonic aura!

The huge cedar trees were leaning in all directions, with one of them cut off cleanly at the waist. Several old swords were inserted in the same place in front of the tree. A broken and raggedy demonic puppet, cut in half, lay on the grass. Two halves of a grim copper mask were scattered on the grass, with smooth and neat cut marks, indicating that the person who did it was decisive and ruthless.

...Sure enough, someone had been here.

Who?

The demonic aura moved with the wind, and Gu Peijiu pondered for two seconds before walking towards a direction.

After arriving at an open space not far away, she saw something faintly hanging on the tree trunk, swaying slightly in the night wind. She took a few steps forward, but suddenly stepped on something hard.

The moonlight was cold, and Gu Peijiu took a step back. She looked down and her pupils slightly contracted.

A dragon-shaped jade pendant with a missing right corner was on the ground, reflecting the gentle color of the moonlight, and was extremely familiar. Red Ling curled up the jade, and it fell into her hand. The dragon-shaped jade pendant with a missing corner was ferocious and lifelike.

Gu Peijiu clenched the warm jade pendant in her hand and stiffly raised her head, looking towards the green hair tie hanging on the nearby tree branch with a missing corner. She remembered the handsome young man with green hair tied up with black hair like ink, a waist adorned with a dragon jade pendant with a missing corner, holding a wine glass, and a smile on his face.

Gu Peijiu held the jade pendant in her palm, feeling empty for a moment.

The one who came here... was it... Xia Wuyin!?
