After reading the letter, it was basically about that boy being pursued by a girl, but he felt that it might not have any result, so he didn't want to agree, but also didn't want to lose her.

"Should I agree?"

He even asked a cheap question at the end.

"Does Sister Chu have someone she likes?"

She read the letter a few times.

In the past, she would read the letters at most twice before putting them away. Maybe she would take them out and smile when there was nothing to do. But for some reason, she read this letter several times, feeling like she wanted to laugh, but also a little bitter.

She didn't know what feeling was melting in her heart.

That smelly boy also started to be liked by a girl.

The lights of the sleepless city were like passing clouds and smoke, and the warmth of the boy holding her hand gradually became blurred with time.

- Should I agree?

- Does Sister Chu have someone she likes?

Chu Yao took out a piece of paper, dipped the brush in ink, and wrote a few big characters boldly.

"No."

"Yes."

The vivid characters were as graceful as a startled swan and as elegant as a swimming dragon.

However, it was destined to be a letter that could not be sent.

The candlelight was faint.

Chu Yao waited for the ink to dry before folding the letter paper and putting it back into the envelope with the letter sent by Xia Ge. Unexpectedly, as soon as she picked up the envelope, a small red maple leaf fell out.

Chu Yao was slightly surprised, picked up the maple leaf, which seemed to have been picked last autumn, and was finely air-dried. There were small words written on it in ink.

"Little tip: It's still cold in the spring, so remember to wear more clothes and don't catch a cold. =w=."

Chu Yao pinched the maple leaf and lowered her eyelashes.
Finally, she opened the letter, the ink staining her fingertips. She placed her pale wrist on the desk, but couldn't bring herself to write anything.

What should she write?

Her heart was beating fast.

She had never been so aware of her own feelings before.

She liked that boy.

She had liked him for a long time.

Should she write, "I like you. Can we get married? Don't like her anymore?"

No, that was too impulsive. It would scare him away.

She was torn between her thoughts.

Chu Yao had never been so indecisive before. She was usually straightforward in her actions.

Slowly, she picked up her pen and wrote each word with care.

"The spring in Chang'an is beautiful."

"Would you like to enjoy it with me?"

After finishing, she looked at it and tore it up, feeling a bit melancholic.

What kind of nonsense was that? It sounded like an old man.

She couldn't bring herself to write the last letter.

= =

A gentle hand brushed her cheek.

It was warm.

Someone was holding her, it was warm.

She felt a little...headache.
Warm lips brushed over her forehead, tender and affectionate.

Xia Ge vaguely felt that something was not right, but her eyelids were heavy and she couldn't open them. She felt weak all over, and was in a daze.

"What's going on? Xiao Kui? Invincible Kui?"

No response.

Every time she woke up from a coma, the system would be in a dead state for a while. Although Xia Ge wanted to get used to it, it was obviously too troublesome.

"What happened? What about her?"

Very sleepy... wanted to sleep...

The battle between drowsiness and willpower raged on, and Xia Ge tried to stay awake. Although her head was muddled, she had a strong, ominous premonition.

"If you're sleepy, you can sleep a little longer." The girl's voice was sweet and gentle, and her soft hand lightly brushed her cheek. "I feel sorry for my brother like this."

"Who are you?"

Xia Ge spoke, but her voice was incredibly hoarse, with a bitter feeling. She barely opened her eyelids, and a faint light shone through.

But she couldn't see.

Her hair was gently brushed aside, and Xia Ge tried hard to open her eyes. Finally--

A gentle kiss fell on her eyes, lingering and affectionate, with a light fragrance of a girl.

A soft whisper, "Brother is so handsome. Why hide such a handsome face?"

"But, since you're so handsome, you'll be mine alone in the future."

"Really good."

...The girl.

Kiss.

Xia Ge suddenly trembled, almost instinctively wanting to push away, but her exhausted body could not respond to her movements. In the end, she just pushed softly.
The sensation in her hand was soft and fluffy.

"...Soft and fluffy."

"Who do you think it could be, big brother?" 

At the next moment, Xia Ge withdrew her hand as if she had been electrocuted, shivering all over and opening her eyes wide!

Pearls, black gauze, blankets, soft quilts...

The walls were painted with murals that Xia Ge did not recognize, and four large and bright pearls were embedded in the corners of the ceiling, illuminating the room with a soft light. Through the gauze hanging by the bed, one could see the soft and thick blankets on the floor. She was lying on the bed, covered in a pure black quilt, but there was no one who should have been there.

The air was filled with a light fragrance, elegant and sweet, like the first love of a young girl, gentle and affectionate.

She snuggled in bed, her eyes slightly dazed, but she did not see the person who had kissed her eyes. Looking around, she didn't see anyone, and there were a pair of butterfly wings on the soft quilt, as if weightless.

The broken yet beautiful, light blue and gorgeous wings.

Xia Ge paused, wanting to pick up the wings. Something cold touched her wrist, with a metallic texture, and with her movements came a faint, rustling sound.

The silver, finely polished shackles were more like bracelets than shackles. They were so fine and smooth that they seemed weightless on her right wrist, and Xia Ge did not notice them at first.

She tried to use her spiritual power, and the fine shackles instantly emitted a faint light. Her spiritual power seemed to be suppressed by something, unable to move, and occasionally when she moved, it was sluggish.

Undoubtedly, her spiritual power was sealed.

The fragrance was bone-chilling, and her spiritual power couldn't move, unable to dispel it.

Xia Ge used her dull mind to think for a moment, feeling that it was better to look at the butterfly wings on the quilt than to think about who had kidnapped her.

The fragrance was light and lingering, making her feel a little confused, and she didn't want to think about difficult questions. Xia Ge picked up the wings.

Her fingers were very white, very white, and they didn't seem to be the color she had been blinded by illusion. In the reflection of her fingertips, the light blue wings appeared even bluer, beautiful and transparent, evoking pity.

Like wings torn from a butterfly's body.

With a fragmented beauty.

It was very pretty.

But Xia Ge instinctively felt that she didn't like it very much.
It's too sad.

It shouldn't be like this. It should be on the butterfly, not like this.

Xia Ge suddenly felt a bit sad. The butterfly wings fell from her fingers, and the blue phosphorous powder stained her beautiful white fingertips, making them look as white as snow.

Something is not right. This is not how it usually is.

Xia Ge stared at her fingers, and her muddled brain reacted for a moment. Almost instantly, an instinctive feeling surged up:

Something is missing.

Something very important is missing!

She suddenly widened her eyes and frantically searched her body. However, she belatedly realized that her clothes had also been changed to a soft white silk undergarment.

She had nothing else with her.

Even the jujubes she carried with her were gone - taken by someone.

Something very important.

It wasn't the winter jujubes she bought from the system store... no.

It was...

Xia Ge instinctively reached for her waist.

The doll that she always carried with her was nowhere to be found.

The doll - the doll!

Xia Ge suddenly lifted the blanket, and the black gauze fluttered. The sound of the chain rattling was crisp and pleasant. She got out of bed barefoot and looked around frantically.

The chain was pulled very long, making a delicate sound like a bell.

Outside the bed was a small table with some large grapes and winter jujubes on it. They looked even better than the ones Xia Ge bought from the system store. However, no matter how she looked, she couldn't find her doll.

The doll that her senior sister gave her... was gone.

Xia Ge stepped on the soft carpet with her bare feet, and she looked down at her feet. The layer of dark yellow that was covered by the illusion was gone, and her feet stepped on the thick dark red carpet, making them look even whiter and tenderer.
"..."

It's gone...

She put her hand down and lowered her head.

The system slowly woke up and was a bit unsure of its state. "What's wrong?"

Xia Ge raised her head slightly, some soft and fine hair covering her eyes, and looked at the broken blue butterfly wings on the bed, her voice shallow.

"Give it back to me."

Her spiritual power began to tremble. The barefoot girl's originally pitch-black eyes lit up with a faint green light, her pupils shrinking as the light gathered, and her black eyes turned into forest green beast pupils.

[Resurrection from Death · Awakening]

Her somewhat confused mind suddenly became clear!

Every time the system leveled up, it would upgrade all old skills and randomly reward new ones.

In addition to [Ghost Shadow Confusion], [Soul Stealing], [Detection Technique], [Soul Control Sound], [Puppet Making Technique], and other various alchemy techniques, the new skill obtained by upgrading to an advanced puppeteer was [Resurrection from Death].

This is the legendary skill that can resurrect a dead person in the form of a puppet.

[Resurrection from Death] has three steps: [Awakening], [Soul Transference], and [Resurrection].

The soul of an ordinary person who has died will become chaotic and confused, eventually entering the cycle of reincarnation.

If you want such a person to be resurrected in a puppet, you must first activate the confused spirit, which is the first step - [Awakening].

[Soul Transference] is to transfer the soul to the prepared puppet.

[Resurrection] is to make the puppet completely adapt to the puppet body.

Of the three steps, the most difficult are [Awakening] and [Soul Transference].

As someone who is particularly bad at making puppets in practice... and cannot find a puppeteer who deals with dead souls, Xia Ge's use of this useless new skill is particularly subtle.

Because the experiment found that [Awakening] can awaken a spirit that has been confused by illusions.

So this high-level operation eventually became Xia Ge's super awakening technique that she uses to wake herself up every morning.
Just a moment ago, she was in a daze and didn't react, but her doll was missing.

Xia Ge looked at the two butterfly wings on the bed and then at the chain in her hand.

【Dream-Haunting Butterfly Wings: Can enhance the effect of the Western Regions' dream-inducing incense "Dream-Haunting".】

【Sealing God Chain: A chain that can never be broken due to its curse, it seals a person's spiritual power. Legend has it that it once locked up the gods in the heavens.】

"Where am I?"

Xia Ge pulled on the chain, making a clattering sound. The fragrance in the air was shallow due to the effects of 【Awakening】. Her brain, which had been clear for a moment, began to feel muddled again. She shook her head and pressed her temple.

The system, which had just woken up, said, "I don't know either."

The fragrance of the 【Dream-Haunting】 incense was strong and its medicinal properties were powerful. Xia Ge had only been awake for a short while before she began to sway and was about to bite her tongue-

But the next moment, she couldn't move.

A gentle hand lightly pressed down on her chin, and a sweet and gentle voice said, "Don't do this, it hurts me."

Xia Ge's eyes flashed, and she suddenly grabbed the wrist that was reaching out to her. The chain drew a cold arc in the air, and mercilessly wrapped around the person's neck. She activated her "Ghost Shadow Elusive" technique, flipped over, and with a knee press, pinned the person under her!

The sound of the chain was crisp and pleasant, but it tightly strangled the other person's neck, cold and deadly.

Xia Ge whispered, "You can't run away now."

"I like that sentence."

Xia Ge's pupils shrank!
