"To meet the princess and rule the world."

"Congratulations to you too, for making her wish come true," Su Chan smiled faintly.

The King of Chu looked at her, silent for a long time, before finally speaking, "I understand."

Four simple words, yet they seemed to carry an unspoken weight.

Su Chan left.

The snowflakes fluttered and covered the entire palace of the King of Chu.

Chu Shi looked out the window at the snow, wondering how much more she had left to do.

The chief eunuch, who had fainted due to Su Chan, woke up and didn't know what had happened. He only saw the back of the King of Chu in the hall. Although it was a magnificent palace, it was now empty.

He had no idea what had just happened, but he remembered the sentence he wanted to say before fainting, "Assassin!" Of course, he was unable to say it before it got stuck in his throat. Numbly, he thought he had wanted to say that.

Once he realized what had happened, he immediately crawled to Chu Shi's side and knelt down in fear, "Your...Your Majesty? There was an assassin just now?!"

Chu Shi paused and shook her head, "No."

A faint voice, devoid of any emotion.

The chief eunuch wiped his sweat and looked around, but there seemed to be nothing unusual...?

Thank goodness there was nothing unusual. If there had been even the slightest mistake, he would be beheaded a hundred times over!

Just as he was feeling relieved, he heard the King of Chu calling him.

"Xiao Anzi."

"Here!"

The chief eunuch trembled, keeping his head down tightly, afraid that he would meet the beautiful and majestic dragon face if he looked up.

Can't look, can't look, can't look!

"Go get the Imperial Jade Seal," the King of Chu ordered, "I have something to tell you."
"The Seal of the Realm?!"

Xiao Anzi suddenly forgot that he couldn't look directly at the emperor's face. His head went from the lowest to the highest point, almost dislocating his neck. "Your Majesty?!"

Was the Seal of the Realm something that a little eunuch like him could just take as he pleased? Of course, if the emperor said to take it, that was another matter altogether. But that wasn't important now! The emperor had only just ascended the throne, so where did the Seal of the Realm come from?!

Chu Shi didn't turn around, but seemed to know what he was thinking. She looked at the painting on the wall and said, "The Seal of the Realm is in the hidden compartment behind the painting in the study."

Xiao Anzi was stunned for a moment before he remembered that there was a painting in the study...

He cautiously looked at the General Xia on the wall, then thought of the General Xia on the painting in the study. His mood was slightly complicated.

Xiao Anzi went to get the Seal of the Realm.

Chu Shi looked at the painting with a silent gaze, and suddenly a hint of a smile appeared on her face. But no matter how you looked at it, there was a bit of bitterness in it.

"I don't think I made the wrong choice back then."

She gazed at the beautiful woman in the painting who was looking back, and whispered, "After all, if I hadn't taken this path, I might never have met you."

At that time, she was still a young princess.

Her father had listened to slander, indulged in alcohol and ignored state affairs. Her mother had died in childbirth, and her father had been killed by treacherous officials. In the end, she was the only daughter left, the only bloodline to continue the royal family.

At that time, the imperial uncle had found a famous diviner to predict the future. The diviner said that if she accepted her fate, the Chu Dynasty would perish in three generations. As the only heir to the throne, she carried the royal aura, but her life was weak and couldn't bear the weight of the royal aura. She would die of illness before reaching adulthood.

When the imperial uncle had nothing to do, he would take her out of the imperial palace, disguised as a traveler, to see the suffering of the people.

"Whether in times of prosperity or decline, the people always suffer." The imperial uncle said, "...but a country cannot be without a ruler."

Then, her father had drunkenly declared that he would marry her off.

At that time, the imperial uncle asked her if she wanted to become a king and bring peace to the people.

She agreed without hesitation.

She wanted to become a king, but not like her father. She wanted to be a true king who could bring happiness to the people.

At that time, she was only six or seven years old. The imperial uncle led an army dressed as bandits and, during one of her trips, they pretended to kidnap her and escaped from her father's oppression.
Later... on that mountain, she met that girl.

Chu Shi closed her eyes, clutching her chest, feeling a warm sensation in her eyes and a dull pain in her heart.

...

Xiao Anzi's nervous voice sounded, "Your Majesty... it's here."

Chu Shi snapped out of her thoughts and took a pitch-black silk box from Xiao Anzi's hand.

She silently took it and, upon opening it, saw a snow-white jade seal on a crimson silk cloth.

Xiao Anzi saw that the King was lost in thought and cautiously looked up. On the perfectly white jade seal was engraved a vivid white dragon with five claws and a fierce gaze.

It didn't seem like anything special.

She didn't know when the King of Chu had crafted it...

Xiao Anzi took another glance and by chance saw a blooming peach blossom etched on the edge of the square jade seal beneath the white jade dragon.

In an instant, the solemn and upright jade seal had a gentle and charming touch to it.

Chu Shi stared at it for a while, and Xiao Anzi thought for a moment before carefully asking, "Your Majesty wants this jade seal, but... "

She didn't have any offspring yet, so who would she pass the seal to?

Chu Shi said, "Summon the Duke, I have something to tell him."

Xiao Anzi hurriedly left with quick steps.

"Why does Ashi want the whole world?" 

"..."

"It doesn't matter if you don't say it, hehehe, anyway, with me here, whatever Ashi wants is fine." The young girl smiled, "Even stars! I'll pick them for you too!"

"Why are you talking nonsense? I'll scold you."

"If you don't believe me, I'll cry."

"... Don't cry."
Chu Shi looked at the Jade Seal, and unconsciously thought of Su Chan's words from earlier.

"...she is dead."

Chu Shi felt a sudden pain in her chest, and closed her eyes tightly while clenching her fists.

She believed that choosing this path was not wrong.

...but that didn't mean she didn't regret it.

= =

When Xia Wushuang appeared, many years had passed.

Many things had happened in those years.

For example, the overthrow of the Chu Dynasty, the rise of the "Rank" composed of countless cultivators, who suddenly rose to power under the name of the Chu Emperor's Peach Blossom Seal, causing a change in the world. The Chu Emperor committed suicide at his grave, and the ancient and mysterious Chu Blade was born. The Mingming Dynasty fell, but the Chu Imperial Clan, who had lost the imperial seal, remained unscathed.

No one knew what had happened.

Many people speculated that all of this was planned by the Chu Emperor, because the "Rank" was able to take over the world largely due to the Chu Emperor's seal.

From then on, there were no more emperors in the world, and the world was no longer anyone's. The Chu family, because of the appearance of the first ancient and mysterious Chu Blade that shook the world, established a glorious position for five hundred years.

Because the "Rank" was composed of cultivators who had left the mortal world, although there were some minor conflicts, there were no major problems. Any problem that could be solved within the scope of the Heavenly Dao using spells was not a problem. Those that could not be solved were secretly resolved by other means, and were also not a problem.

Although the Lingxi Peak no longer taught puppetry, there were still many people who possessed this skill wandering around the Fengyue Continent. For a time, the "Resurrection" technique of puppetry was prevalent on the continent - but it didn't last long. The puppetry technique soon revealed its drawbacks. Countless people who were revived using the "Resurrection" technique would turn into empty shells after ten years. At first, people thought it was natural death, but someone who knew the truth revealed the secret of the puppetry technique.

After ten years, the spirit would scatter.

During the time when the puppetry technique was prevalent, the Evil Ghost Tide should have become more and more intense, but because of Xia Wushuang's Summoning Song, the souls of those who turned into evil ghosts after their spirits scattered would involuntarily return to the Evil Spirit Mountain. Although the number of evil spirits received by the Evil Spirit Mountain during that time was particularly large, it was precisely because of this that few people in the world noticed the slightest trace of the Evil Ghost Tide.

When the sinister nature of the "Resurrection" technique of puppetry became known, puppeteers unknowingly became mice that everyone shouted to catch. Except for when it was necessary, few people used the puppetry technique to revive others. The people of the Fengyue Continent generally believed in the cycle of reincarnation in the afterlife, and would rather have a bowl-sized scar on their head than face the risk of their spirit scattering.

That was the reality.

And "Xia Wushuang," this person, at some point, seemed to have been erased from history. Everything about her, whether it was the heavenly punishment of the Evil Ghost Tide or the identity of the Lingxi Sect Master, disappeared without a sound. The disciples of Lingxi Peak only knew that they had a very powerful puppetry ancestor, but who that ancestor was, whether they were male or female, was unknown. It was as if someone had quietly erased everything about this person, leaving only vague and ambiguous words.

The "Rank" soon issued a ban on puppetry.

However, at some point, when people talked about puppeteers again, they would unconsciously mention a new sect called the "Thousand Souls Sect," and their expressions would change.
It is said that the Qianhun Sect worships a strange red-clothed girl, and their soldiers are mostly puppets. Anyone who touches them will have bad luck. If your silver is stolen on the way, consider yourself lucky. It is common to chop wood and fall down the mountain. 

Therefore, they are very powerful, and no one dares to provoke them. For some reason, Zhi also turns a blind eye to the existence of the Qianhun Sect. 

Because of this, even though the Qianhun Sect is refining puppets, few dare to pick a fight with them. 

It was under these circumstances that Xia Wushuang appeared. 

Fifty years. 

"I have been waiting for you for a long time." 

Outside the mountain, the green mountains are distant and the red-clothed girl smiles lightly. Every frown and smile is stunningly beautiful. She no longer has the childishness of when she first fell from grace. She looks at her, her black eyes shining. "Congratulations on reaching the Heavenly level... After so many years, you finally came out." 

"What's there to congratulate about? I feel that there are fewer and fewer evil spirits that I can summon. I haven't even summoned any in these past few days," Xia Wushuang smiled. "It's meaningless to stay there, so I came out." 

Her appearance has not changed much, but one can feel the difference from the inside out. 

Even when she's smiling, there is always a calm and peaceful feeling, as if she has put everything down. 

Su Chan said, "Isn't that a good thing?" 

Xia Wushuang said, "It is indeed a good thing, because if there were more evil spirits, even Evil Spirit Mountain wouldn't be able to hold them." 

When she said this, she still had a smile on her face, but Su Chan keenly felt that something was off about Xia Wushuang. 

It was an indescribable feeling of being off. 

As if everything had been put down, and nothing was really important. 

Xia Wushuang didn't notice Su Chan's scrutinizing gaze and said, "The evil spirits summoned inside are almost at their limit. I'm afraid the red talisman won't work, so I also brought a clothes ghost to calm their souls. The lost deer will be fine if they look at it."
