Xia Ge blocked her mouth with a chicken leg and looked confused. "What is this?"

Chu Yao asked, "Isn't this yours?"

Xia Ge looked at the small black object. "What is this thing?"

"It looks like a toy," Chu Yao said. "It's similar to the one on your waist. Is it yours?"

"No," Xia Ge blinked. "My puppet has always been like this. I haven't changed it."

Chu Yao silently looked at the small doll on the boy's waist.

The doll had a bright smile, wearing a delicate red maple silk robe. Its eyebrows and eyes were vivid, and it looked somewhat similar to the boy who was currently gnawing on a chicken leg.

"It's this one," Xia Ge finished eating the chicken leg, wiped his hands, and said, "I just changed its clothes and makeup."

Chu Yao looked at her.

"Don't you know?" Xia Ge carefully wiped her hands and then took off the doll from her waist to show her. "This doll can change its makeup." She smiled and said, "This makeup is better than the last one, isn't it?"

The doll with a bright smile wobbled in front of her, and Chu Yao reached out to take it, but the boy withdrew his hand. "Hey hey, you can only look, not touch!"

Chu Yao said, "It's very pretty."

Xia Ge said, "Of course it's pretty!" Could her senior sister's work be ugly?

Chu Yao asked, "Can I see it?"

Xia Ge hesitated.

Seeing Xia Ge's reluctance, Chu Yao said, "Next time, I'll treat you to roasted wild goose."

Xia Ge said nothing.

Seeing Xia Ge's expression waver, Chu Yao said, "Plus three barrels of bamboo leaf liquor."

"You, you can't bribe me!" Xia Ge's expression was somewhat evasive. "Even if you give me a hundred barrels of bamboo leaf liquor, I won't let you see it!"
Senior Sister's handwriting can't be shown to anyone casually!

Chu Yao: "..." Are you selling yourself?

Xia Ge knowingly asked, "What about you? Why do you want to see it?"

Chu Yao didn't hide it, "A few days ago, I found the trace of a puppet master on Sword Peak."

Xia Ge: "..." You're so straightforward, it's hard to continue the act.

Xia Ge gathered her thoughts and asked, "Do you suspect it's me?"

Chu Yao looked at her with clear eyes, "Is it you?"

Xia Ge replied, "How could it be me? I'm a law-abiding disciple of Lingxi Peak."

Before Xia Ge could speak, Chu Yao said to herself, "Actually, even if it was you, it wouldn't matter."

Xia Ge was stunned.

Chu Yao's voice was low, "If it was you, I should open another jar of wine."

Xia Ge: "..." 

"What are you talking about, Senior Sister Chu? How could it be me?" Xia Ge handed the little puppet to Chu Yao proactively, "You can take a look. This is just a small puppet. Puppetry is a forbidden art in Fengyue Continent. Even if you gave me a hundred guts, I wouldn't dare to learn it."

Chu Yao took the puppet.

The small puppet that fell into her palm was carved from white wood, with clear black cat's eye stones for eyes, a bright smile, black hair tied up with soft green hair, and a delicate crimson plain robe. Even the maple leaves on the cuffs were vivid.

She probed it with spiritual energy and found that it was just a white wood carved with a protective spirit array, without any potential mechanism. It was indeed just a small puppet.

Xia Ge asked with a grin, "Is it pretty?"

Chu Yao returned the puppet to her and said, "It's pretty."

"But it seems like Senior Sister Chu is a little disappointed?" Xia Ge asked puzzledly, "Why?"

Chu Yao replied, "I thought it was you, but you said it wasn't."

"..." Xia Ge's expression drifted slightly, "I've always been an honest person."
Chu Yao said, "But my intuition has never been wrong."

"Perhaps your intuition is never wrong," Xia Ge said seriously, "but if everything in this world was as simple as 'I think you are', wouldn't it be chaotic?"

"I didn't mean anything else." Chu Yao stood up and looked into her eyes. "I just want to say thank you to that person."

The sound of the crackling fire and the rustling of the wind could be faintly heard. Xia Ge looked away and quietly put on the wooden puppet. "Oh? Is that so?"

"Yeah." Chu Yao continued, "And besides thank you, I also want to tell her that she doesn't have to be afraid of being just a puppeteer."

After a while, Xia Ge looked at the flickering flames and said, "Chu senior sister, why are you looking at me like that? I'm not the puppeteer you mentioned."

"Whether you are or not," Chu Yao looked at her firmly with fiery eyes, "the road is under your feet. As long as you are still you, I will stand by your side."

= = 

Jianfeng.

The incident with the giant bat was fermenting, and all the peaks were investigating it rigorously, especially Jianfeng.

The night was getting darker.

The guards were responsible for checking.

"Where are Qian Duo, Gao Han, and Sun Zhu?" Li Liu asked the person next to him, holding a book.

Ye Ze was next to him, and when he heard these three names, his eyebrows furrowed slightly.

These three people were the ones who came to pick a fight with Ye Ze when he first arrived, and were later taught a lesson by Chu Yao. However, after being taught a lesson, these three did not learn their lesson. On the contrary, they became more and more arrogant, as if they had some kind of backing behind them, and did everything with impunity.

The disciple was suddenly at a loss when asked, "They..."
Li Liudao said, "The incident with the giant bats happened suddenly, and we must investigate everyone. What happened to them?"

The disciple, upon hearing this, no longer hid anything and said, "They were taught a lesson... some of them were seriously injured."

Ye Ze and Li Liu both slightly startled.

Li Liudao said, "Strange, I remember them always being the ones teaching others a lesson."

The disciple shook his head and whispered to Li Liudao, "You may not know this, but they only teach others because someone ordered them to... but this time, they may have offended the wrong person and kicked the iron plate."

"Hmm? Someone ordered them? What does that mean?" Li Liudao was always interested in gossip.

The disciple shook his head and said, "I don't know."

Li Liudao said, "Okay, I understand. When did they get injured?"

The disciple said, "Yesterday."

"Okay, I got it. Thank you." When the disciple left, Ye Ze asked, "Who is behind them?"

Li Liudao clicked his tongue, "Who knows."

Chang Nian came over after finishing the investigation and said, "Have you finished your investigation? Stop dragging it out."

Li Liudao said, "We're done, let's go eat."

Ye Ze followed behind everyone, not sure if it was a misconception, but he always felt like someone was secretly watching him.

But when he turned around, there was nothing.

"Brother Ye, let's go." Li Liudao called him when he didn't move.

"What are you waiting for him for?" Chang Nian impatiently said, "Hurry up, I still have to go find my brother later."

"I got it," Ye Ze said, looking back one last time before finally leaving.

= =

Ye Ze returned to his dormitory, it was already late at night, but he couldn't fall asleep.
The mind was in a mess, sometimes it was Xia Wuyin's careless lies, and other times it was the eerie sound of the bell from that night.

In the end, he couldn't fall asleep. He got up, changed his clothes, and saw the dragon jade with a missing corner on the table. After holding it for a while, he put it on his waist and left with his sword.

No one noticed that after he left, a beautiful silver butterfly fluttered its wings and followed him from a tree.

He didn't go anywhere else, still heading towards the mountain prison of Jianfeng.

There were still people patrolling in the thorny forest, but this time Ye Ze didn't foolishly let himself be discovered. He hid behind a bush and pondered while looking at the patrolling people.

The bell sound had disappeared.

Ye Ze stayed in the bush for a while, but the defense was too tight, and he obviously couldn't get in.

Who was locked inside? Why was the defense so tight? And what was that strange bell sound?

It was obviously impossible to gain anything, so Ye Ze looked for a while and was about to return, but accidentally stepped on a dry branch.

"Who?!"

The patrolling people instantly noticed something was wrong, and Ye Ze couldn't avoid it and was surrounded.

"What are you doing here again?!" The previous patrolman saw Ye Ze and his expression became fierce. "You're the spy hiding in Jianfeng, aren't you?!"

"He came here before?" 

"He came before!"

"..."

The surrounding people's eyes became even more hostile, but Ye Ze was not panicked and said, "I..."

"I asked him to come."

Everyone suddenly turned around and saw a girl in a light blue and white dress, with silver butterflies fluttering between her sleeves. Her hair was soft, her eyes bright, and she slowly walked to Ye Ze's side through the branches and leaves. A fluttering silver butterfly landed on her shoulder, and she smiled lightly, "I have heard that there is an extraordinary person locked up in the Jianfeng mountain prison, and the demons are also eyeing her. I wanted to send someone to take a look."

Ye Ze was stunned, "...Chuyi?"
The patrol disciples also recognized Chu Yi. One of them frowned slightly and said, "What's a kid doing here?"

Chu Yi chuckled lightly, "I am bored on ordinary days and cannot help seeking some fun. If I accidentally disturb you senior brothers, I will send some good wine tomorrow to make it up to you."

"Okay, okay, since that's the case, I'll give you some face," another patrol disciple said. "But don't do this again. The demons have been eyeing us lately, and we have tasks to complete."

"Of course," Chu Yi replied.

After sending off the patrol disciples, the two of them left one after another.

After walking for a while, Ye Ze couldn't help but speak up.

"You..."

He said a word but didn't know how to continue and fell silent.

Chu Yi walked in front of him, and when she heard him, she turned her head slightly, her voice soft.

"You're Ye Ze, right?"

Ye Ze was taken aback, "...Yes."

Chu Yi chuckled lightly, "I have a good memory. I think I asked you before."

Ye Ze was about to say something, but Chu Yi said, "However, this time is a bit different."

"Last time, I asked for your name," Chu Yi stopped, and the moonlight was hazy. The girl's figure was indistinct under the shadows of the trees. She turned her head slightly, and the moonlight shone in her almond-shaped eyes. "This time... I want to ask if you are the Ye Ze from the solitary Ye family."

Ye Ze's pupils contracted slightly at her words.

"Shh... Don't be nervous," Chu Yi chuckled softly, and the moonlight softened her black almond eyes. No one could see the madness deep inside her. She softly said, "This way, I finally know who you are."

Ye Ze remained silent for a moment before firmly denying, "I'm not."

Chu Yi said, "Don't worry, I don't have any other intentions."

After she finished speaking, she continued walking forward, and Ye Ze hesitated for a moment before following her.

"Why did you go to the mountain prison?" Chu Yi asked casually.

Ye Ze fell silent for a moment and didn't hide anything. "I want to know who is inside."
Chuyi said, "Only Chang Lan should know about this."

She paused and chuckled softly. "Maybe Chang Nian knows too."

Ye Ze looked up at her.

Chuyi turned around, her voice gentle. "If you want to know, I can help you."

Ye Ze said, "No need."

"Why not?" Chuyi looked at him for a while, half-smiling. "Do you think you'll owe me?"

After Chuyi finished speaking, she slowly walked in front of Ye Ze. She was not as tall as Ye Ze, so she had to raise her head slightly to look at him, her voice soft.

"Brother."

Ye Ze instinctively stepped back, but was grabbed by the girl's collar. Under the moonlight, the girl's almond eyes were filled with moonlight, making it impossible to see the darkness in her eyes.

Brother?

Ye Ze was a little surprised.

He heard her whisper softly, "Brother never has to feel like he owes me anything."

"Don't call me brother." Ye Ze turned his face away. He paused. "Were you the one who did it? Those three people?"

He was referring to the three people who were after Qian Duo.

Chuyi chuckled softly. "Brother is really smart."

Ye Ze said, "..."

"So..." Chuyi's voice was low. "If brother wants revenge..."

"It'll be lonely doing it alone, won't it?"
