The girl's pupils were extremely deep and black, like a starless night. Xia Ge felt inexplicably uneasy and said, "Is it...?"

Just as she was thinking about how to say it in a safer way, the spiritual power in her hand suddenly exploded!

It turned out that the Wan Hun Dan prepared by Xia Ge had reached its peak stage, and the accumulated spiritual power had reached the critical point. In an instant, the golden ancient gathering spirit array under her feet suddenly lit up, and the dazzling spiritual light spread wildly around. Countless evil spirits seemed to be bound by something and rushed towards Xia Ge wildly! Then they hit the barrier set up by Gu Peiju and fell down, their faces twisted and their noses crooked.

Xia Ge exclaimed, "It's done!"

Immediately, Gu Peiju's eyes sharpened, and he drew his sword and hugged Xia Ge, retracting the barrier. Xia Ge immediately pinched the pill formula and led the evil spirits towards the sky! Countless evil spirits formed a fierce ghost current, swirling into a vortex, and their crazy screams echoed in the ears, extremely terrifying!

The huge spiritual vortex accompanied by the screams of the evil spirits. Gu Peiju looked down and saw that Chu Yao was behind Chang Ren, with a snow-white long knife in her hand, piercing Chang Ren's abdomen. Chang Ren stared at Xia Ge tightly, his eyes red, and his whole body was full of the breath of disaster!

Chang Ren was possessed by a disaster!

"Done!"

Xia Ge lightly shouted, pinching the last pill formula in her hand. In an instant, the evil spirits wailed and disappeared, replaced by a ghost pill that was slightly red and full of thick ghostly aura.

As soon as the red pill was in her hand, Xia Ge was stunned, "Something's not right?"

Isn't the Wan Hun Dan supposed to look like this?

The system exclaimed, "Oh no! Host, quickly throw it away!! This pill is problematic!"

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for refining the Wan Gui Dan, deducting 10 points.]

Xia Ge was shocked and pale, "Why deduct points?!!"

It's not like you deducted the points. What's there to congratulate about?!

The system said, "It's a program problem, there's nothing we can do... No, this pill is wrong! Wrong--"

"Hahaha--"

Just as Xia Ge was looking at the red pill in her hand strangely, she suddenly heard a chilling voice in her ear.

"Do you want to know why? Let me tell you..."

Gu Peiju's eyes flashed with cold light, and the next moment, his sword flew towards Xia Ge's ear!
"Get out of here!"

The girl in white held a sword in one hand and held Xia Ge in her arms with the other. The cold long sword brushed past Xia Ge's ear, narrowly avoiding disaster. Her voice was arrogant and unrestrained, "Hahaha - useless, useless."

Gu Peijiu's eyes were cold, but she heard the person in her arms whisper, "It's gone...?"

In the instant Xia Ge was about to listen to Xiao Kui's words and throw away the pill, the pill disappeared!

Gu Peijiu vaguely felt that something was wrong, and the next moment, she felt a sharp pain in her chest!

Her pupils suddenly shrank!

"Hahaha -" Huoming's crazy and cold laughter rang out, "You will all die!! Die -"

Compared to the sharp pain in her chest, what caught Gu Peijiu's attention was Xia Ge's blood-red but somewhat confused pupils.

She stared blankly at Gu Peijiu, and the bright red pupils slowly disappeared, replaced by a black soul that gradually turned into a dazzling white. The cloud pattern on her waist rolled into the shape of a spider lily. "I..."

- What am I doing?

- Why am I not in control?

Gu Peijiu gritted her teeth and held Xia Ge tightly, as if this could hide from Xia Ge, who had not completely lost consciousness, what she had done.

She whispered, "You're okay."

Xia Ge looked at her right hand, which she had placed behind Gu Peijiu. The pill that had disappeared in the moment she wanted to throw it away had now reappeared in her hand! The pill, which was tinged with a faint red color, slowly melted in her palm and seeped into her skin!

The feeling of it melting was extremely cold, like the terrifying feeling of a snake licking blood, but her uncontrollable left hand could clearly feel... the blood flowing through her fingers, sinking into her skin, the feeling of flesh being torn apart...

Xia Ge's eyes became empty for a moment.

What did she do?

The chilling voice was terrifying, "Do you know why you failed?"

"Because... those demons... are all living souls!!"

Living souls?

What does that mean?
Little puppet was shocked and exclaimed, "I made a mistake! No wonder...the soul materials required for the Ten Thousand Soul Pill are all dead souls! The evil spirits on the Evil Spirit Mountain are all dead souls that have been dead for hundreds of years. They won't backfire when refined into the Ten Thousand Soul Pill, but now these ghosts are all extracted from living people's souls!!"

And these living souls all have the aura of calamity on them.

And the thing with the aura of calamity - rather than calling it a pill, it's more accurate to say that Xia Ge is refining a carrier that has been cursed! Just like the clothing scraps encountered before - Xia Ge directly holding the cursed carrier in his hand, one can imagine what will happen!

In the courtyard, Chu Yao pulled out the knife from Chang Ren's body. Finally unable to hold on any longer, the spiritual power of the Chu Dao Ji Ling began to dissipate. She staggered, and because the curse was transferred to Xia Ge's body, Chang Ren covered the wounds on his abdomen, and the blood-red color in his eyes gradually faded. "I..."

Chu Yi kicked him away, "Get lost!"

Chang Ren rolled on the ground, coughing up blood. Looking at Xia Ge and Gu Peijiu in the sky, his face turned pale, and then he laughed, "It's useless...haha, even if you kill me, they won't be able to return to their original state...hahaha..."

"They" referred to the people controlled by the cursed "soul sacrifice".

Seeing Chu Yi coming over, Chu Yao finally couldn't stand still and fell forward. Chu Yi's mind went blank, and he instinctively stepped forward and caught her.

There was still a strong smell of blood.

Chu Dao fell to the ground with a clang, the white light dissipated, and turned into a thin sword tassel.

She leaned on Chu Yi's shoulder, feeling weak all over, but still staring at Chang Ren, "You won't have a good ending..."

She smiled, revealing a pair of sharp tiger teeth, "I...will wait to see you...fall from grace."

After speaking, her head tilted and she fainted completely due to excessive blood loss.

"Fall from grace? Do you think I still care?" Chang Ren's lips curled into a fierce and cold smile, "Hahaha...Do you think you will win...No, you are destined to lose."
