After finishing their conversation, Xia Ge and Gu Peijiu returned to the Dan Palace.

The hall was still lively and when they saw Xia Ge, everyone couldn't help but call her "Commander Xia".

Xia Ge continued to smile foolishly and while pretending to be ignorant, she couldn't help but glance in a certain direction.

Once or twice was fine, but Xia Ge had unintentionally looked in that direction many times, which inevitably caught Gu Peijiu's attention.

Following her gaze, Gu Peijiu saw Ye Ze, who didn't look too good, and Chu Yi, who was playing with cherries while resting her chin on her hands beside him.

Gu Peijiu paused before asking knowingly, "What are you looking at?"

Xia Ge "ah"ed, realizing she had been caught, and scratched her head. "I'm looking at Ye Ze..."

"Oh?" Gu Peijiu's tone didn't reveal any emotions.

"I think he's acting a bit strange today," Xia Ge said, unable to resist glancing in his direction again. Coincidentally, Ye Ze also raised his head slightly.

Their eyes met for a moment.

The young man's pitch-black pupils were originally filled with deep confusion and helplessness, but in the next second they met Xia Ge's gaze, all the confusion suddenly disappeared, replaced by a look of shock and hatred, as if he had remembered something.

It was just a moment, but it was enough to leave Xia Ge stunned.

"What's wrong?" Gu Peijiu sensitively noticed Xia Ge's distraction.

Meanwhile, Ye Ze seemed to come back to his senses in an instant and hastily put on a pale smile for Xia Ge.

"It's nothing," Xia Ge withdrew her gaze.

Gu Peijiu looked over at Ye Ze. The young man had lowered his head and was trembling slightly while holding his head in his hands. Chu Yi seemed to be asking him what was wrong, and feeling Gu Peijiu's gaze, she also turned to look at her, their eyes meeting.
The girl's pitch-black almond eyes were especially beautiful, unlike her sister's translucent light brown color that exuded a bright glow. Instead, her eyes were like black glass, hiding something deeper and darker beneath their soft, sweet shimmer.

It was like a dark river flowing through the mountains, concealing secrets and desires.

And in that moment when she locked eyes with Gu Peijiu, a hint of that river was revealed. But it quickly disappeared behind her sparkling pupils, as if nothing had happened, under her sweet and polite smile.

Gu Peijiu narrowed her eyes slightly, then casually looked away at Xia Ge.

The girl lowered her head, her playful hair sliding down to her ponytail, making a pretty butterfly knot. Her wispy bangs fell slightly, covering her fair and soft cheeks.

The girl had always been thin, to the point where her bones were visible when she first arrived at Danfeng. She looked like she hadn't eaten in days, with protruding bones and angular cheeks, and her tomboyish behavior of climbing trees and catching birds only accentuated it. But now, with the good food at Danfeng and her growing body, she had gained some flesh, without appearing fat. Her bones and flesh were more proportionate, and her cheeks were softer. Occasionally, when she smiled and turned her head, her pitch-black cat-like eyes matched her fair and tender face, making her look like a skinny little girl.

However, even though she lowered her head and her hair covered her face, Gu Peijiu could feel the suppressed emotions swirling around her.

Gu Peijiu suddenly asked, "Are you worried about him?"

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment, "Not really."

After a pause, she added with a bit of defiance, "He doesn't need me to worry about him anyway."

Although she tried to convince herself that it was nothing, and that Ye Ze was just looking at her casually, Xia Ge couldn't deny that she was hurt by that look.

Before the incident at the White Dream Cave, Xia Ge thought that their relationship had already warmed up enough.

But... it seemed like it wasn't the case.

Xia Ge didn't know what had happened or what was wrong, but that sudden look had made her feel like her emotions were crumbling.

If their relationship had been deteriorating all along, it wouldn't have been a big deal to be looked at like that. But when you think that your relationship with someone has already warmed up enough to be good drinking buddies, and then suddenly you're looked at like that...

It hurts.

Gu Peijiu said, "You look upset."

Xia Ge tried to say something, but her words were interrupted.

Her slightly chilly hand was suddenly held by a warm one, and Gu Peijiu said, "Hmm, you're not upset."
Xia Ge suddenly didn't know what to say.

Gu Peiju softly said, "No matter if you're sad or not, I'll be here for you."

It's okay to be sad, but don't show a face that says "I seem to have lost everything."

Gu Peiju thought that if Xia Ge looked like that, she would feel a bit useless.

The moment Gu Peiju finished speaking, Xia Ge felt as if a candy had melted in her heart, warm and cozy.

She suddenly remembered the day when she finished talking with Ye Ze, feeling depressed, squatting outside the classroom, and pouring down the pouring rain. This person came and tilted the ink umbrella for her.

Xia Ge suddenly didn't feel so hurt.

She thought, sometimes people should be content.

If I gain it, I'm lucky; if I lose it, it's my fate.

Being a bit Buddhist is also good.

After the piercing feeling disappeared, Xia Ge came back to her senses and couldn't help but murmur, "But why?"

Gu Peiju asked, "Hmm?"

Xia Ge said directly, "Just now, Ye Ze looked at me in a strange way."

Based on her understanding of Ye Ze for so many years, he would never look at her inexplicably like that.

It was like... looking at an enemy.

Although it was only for a second, that sharp, fearful, and hateful feeling was vividly displayed in that moment.

If Ye Ze was just teasing her, then he could definitely go and get an Oscar.

He had no reason to do that.

Although she thought that being a bit Buddhist was good, it was rare for someone to easily let go of a friend who had been through wind and rain together and worked together for many years just because of a look.
Together in joy and hardship.

Xia Ge understood this principle very well, so instead of being indifferent, she actually wanted to understand why Ye Ze looked at her that way.

Gu Peijiu said, "It might be because he saw something in the Bai Meng acupoint."

She held Xia Ge's hand and said, "If you're worried, why not go ask him yourself?"

Xia Ge thought about it and looked up at Ye Ze, unexpectedly meeting Chu Yi's clear and soft black eyes.

She held her chin and held a red cherry in her snow-white little hand, as if she was about to feed Ye Ze the cherry.

It also seemed like it was just an unintentional glance when she met Xia Ge's eyes.

Chu Yi smiled at her, and her gaze swept over Gu Peijiu holding Xia Ge's hand, her deep melancholy hidden by sweet laughter, without revealing anything.

For some reason, Xia Ge, who felt like she had concealed her identity well, couldn't lift her feet when she saw Chu Yi for a moment.

Gu Peijiu asked, "Why don't you go?"

After a moment, Xia Ge asked an unrelated question, "Senior sister."

"Hmm?"

"Do you think that girl's eyes are pretty?"

"Who?"

"The one next to Ye Ze."

Gu Peijiu looked at Chu Yi again.

Chu Yi held her chin and met Gu Peijiu's eyes again. Her black eyes blinked, and she tilted her head to say something to Ye Ze.

Ye Ze lowered his head, not knowing how to respond.

But Chu Yi laughed again.
She smiled sweetly.

Gu Peijiu was silent for a moment before commenting, "Your eyes are beautiful."

She paused.

"Your eyes shine brightly."

Suddenly, Xia Ge felt very satisfied.

Memories of the past flashed by, and the hardships she had endured for these eyes were indescribable. At this moment, it all seemed worth it.

She said, "I also think they are very beautiful."

Even when this child couldn't see, she thought her eyes were beautiful.

So, she worked hard to let her see the world again.

But Gu Peijiu didn't let Xia Ge bask in her satisfaction for too long. She continued to evaluate objectively, "It's just the appearance."

Those eyes looked gentle and sweet, innocent and naive, but upon closer inspection, one could see the hidden danger and malice lurking within them. They weren't something to be taken lightly.

"I know," Xia Ge slightly tightened her grip on Gu Peijiu's hand, "It's precisely because of this..."

She knew.

It was precisely because she knew.

So, she wanted the butterfly living in the darkness to slowly fly out of its dark cage and see the light of the world with these beautiful eyes.

"So, I hope she can see farther with these beautiful eyes," Xia Ge said.

"Very beautiful," Gu Peijiu looked at her and suddenly said.

Xia Ge was startled, "Huh?"

Gu Peijiu turned her face slightly, "Your eyes are also beautiful."

Xia Ge: "..."


The praise that was so straightforward and without any beating around the bush caught Xia Ge off guard. But coming from her senior, she felt like it was only natural. ...Her senior had said before that she wouldn't lie to her. Xia Ge suddenly felt her face growing warm and coughed twice awkwardly, saying, "Ah...really...haha, I also think it's very pretty, haha." Just as Xia Ge was immersed in her senior's sudden praise, Gu Peiju said, "Are you sure you don't want to go ask them?" "It seems like they've already left," Xia Ge raised her head and indeed they were leaving. Ye Ze looked heavy-hearted and Chu Yao was by his side as they left the Dan Palace. They looked like a pair of silent people. Xia Ge tilted her head and said, "Let's not ask." This...was fine. 

Outside the Dan Palace, Chu Yi's voice was soft as she asked, "Just leaving like this? Won't we say goodbye to Xia Ge, the Deputy Leader?" When the words "Deputy Leader Xia" slipped out of her tongue, Chu Yi always felt a strange feeling, as if the person who had been by her side all along had suddenly become someone she didn't know. This feeling was really terrible. Chu Yi thought. Ye Ze said, "...No need." "Aze," Chu Yi suddenly said. Ye Ze was startled. Chu Yi smiled sweetly and said, "If I don't call you brother, can I call you that way?"
Ye Ze: "..."

After a moment, he said, "Whatever."

He didn't feel like getting caught up in these trivial titles.

On Dan Peak, there were many maple leaves falling with the mountain wind.

Looking at the endless sea of clouds rolling around the mountain peak, Ye Ze thought of the moment he saw Xia Wu Yin, and that face with soft contours, delicate...not like a boy's face.

It was that face, suddenly overlapping once again with the girl wearing a bell in the White Dream Cave illusion.

It was suffocating.

- Ye Ze, why haven't you died yet?

At the moment when he unconsciously showed a look of disgust towards Xia Wu Yin.

Ye Ze really wanted to die a little.
