The sound of the fairy bell rang a few times and then disappeared.

Chuyi's voice was soft as she casually asked, "What's the wake-up bell?"

Xia Ge replied, "It's nothing."

Chuyi chuckled softly, "The dream hasn't ended yet, why are you in such a hurry?" - Does Xia Ge really want this dream to end soon? Is there no reluctance at all?

Chuyi's expression was dark, but her voice remained gentle.

Xia Ge wasn't aware of Chuyi's dark thoughts, she was just being practical.

The entrance to the Bai Meng acupoint was a vast sea of clouds that seemed impossible to get out of. Xia Ge thought for a moment and then carried Chuyi on her back, "Let's go somewhere else."

But where else could they go? Xia Ge had no idea.

If they went back the way they came, they would end up where the dragon had been cut into eight pieces. It would take a long time to get there, and by the time they arrived, the dragon's injuries would have already healed, and it wouldn't be easy to deal with.

Xia Ge sighed in her heart.

This feeling of being confused and not having a clue was really terrible.

Chuyi obediently let Xia Ge carry her and asked, as she had many years ago, "Where does big brother want to go?"

Xia Ge replied softly, "I don't know where to go."

Chuyi fell silent for a moment, and her arms tightened slightly as she spoke softly, "Big brother can go anywhere."

As long as you're with me.

- As long as it's just you and me, it doesn't matter where we go.

Anywhere is fine, as long as we're together, wandering to the ends of the earth is romantic, and the burning depths of a volcano are warm.
"I cannot forgive you," she said.

"But I can still love you," he replied.

Even in life or death.

Just as Xia Ge took a few steps forward, a sudden gust of wind rolled in from the outside world.

The wind was strong and Xia Ge staggered back with Chu Yi on her back. She instinctively turned her head to look and suddenly widened her eyes.

The turbulent sea of clouds had disappeared, replaced by a vast and magnificent illusion.

Xia Ge was used to the changes, after all, the Bai Meng acupoint was never constant.

But as she slowly saw what it had become, Xia Ge was no longer so calm.

It was a cold temple, with a hint of desolation seeping through the layers of dark clouds, not even enough moonlight to fill a bowl.

Slowly, the moonlight disappeared.

In its place, rain poured down from the sky.

Splashing and splashing.

A ragged child huddled under the leaky temple eaves, holding his knees. The old plaque was crooked and seemed to be falling off at any moment. The golden words on it were corroded and somewhat blurred. It was ancient and no one had come to repair it.

Rain God Temple.

It was a familiar but somewhat unfamiliar scene.

Chu Yi felt Xia Ge's body stiffen and instinctively asked, "What's wrong?"

Yes... Chu Yi couldn't see it.

This should be the Bai Meng acupoint, a memory of her own.

Xia Ge paused for a moment and then chuckled lightly.
"It's nothing, just this time..." she whispered, "it's my brother's turn to have a dream."

She looked up at the child squatting under the eaves, holding his knees and staring blankly at the rain falling into the puddle.

It was Xia Wuyin.

It was herself.

"Brother is feeling sad," Chu Yi's voice was soft in her ear, "What is he sad about?"

What was he sad about?

The child in the picture slowly stood up. With wet, black hair and a dirty face, it was impossible to tell if it was a boy or a girl. She pushed open the broken door with some force, stumbling twice as she entered the rain temple that leaked everywhere.

She knelt on the uneven brick floor, as if she had no strength left, and lay down on the ground, breathing heavily. It took a long time for her to slowly get up, but she remained kneeling, looking up at the Rain Goddess in the center.

The Rain Goddess wore a straw raincoat and a bamboo hat, holding a clean bottle in one hand and a willow branch in the other. She had a kind and benevolent expression, but she was too old and some parts of her body were peeling off. Nobody had come to repair her, and her golden body looked very mottled. Moreover, rain was leaking from the top of her head, which confirmed her title as Rain Goddess.

So, there was naturally nothing to steal as an offering.

The child stared at her with lifeless eyes for a while, then slowly crawled under the empty altar, curled up into a ball, and closed her eyes.

"...thinking," Xia Ge looked at the child under the altar with closed eyes, murmuring, "why was it so difficult to survive at that time."

In fact, it wasn't that difficult before.

It was just that at that time, it was really sad.

Like carrying a heavy burden and moving forward with a load.

Surviving seemed painful, as she carried the life of another person.

But surviving was also redemption, because that was the promise.

Chu Yi paused.

She reached out and gently covered Xia Ge's eyes.

The scene of the rain temple no longer appeared before her eyes, and Chu Yi's voice was soft, "It's not difficult."

Xia Ge was silent for a moment, and then smiled slightly, "Yes, it's not difficult."
With her eyes covered, she slowly lowered her hands and paused, gazing at the weathered statue of the Rain God. "Perhaps...there really are divine beings in the heavens above."

Although it had been a long time ago.

But that night, with its dreamlike tenderness and the table full of offerings when she woke up, it felt like a gentle blessing from the Rain God, allowing her to remember it fondly even in her loneliness.

As Xia Ge took one final look at the illusion of the Rain God temple, preparing to turn and leave, she saw an unbelievable sight.

Her footsteps abruptly halted.

On this gloomy rainy night, a shadow wearing a black hood appeared.

Lightning flashed and thunder roared.

The person in the black cloak came in and gently closed the temple door behind them, but they didn't have enough strength to shut it completely, leaving it open to the howling winds and rain outside.

But the rain was still pouring into the temple, and the person slowly approached the child sheltering under the offering table. They knelt down and extended a pure white hand from within the black cloak, gently stroking the child's forehead and smoothing out her rain-soaked hair.

The child was sleeping soundly, exhausted from days of travel and running.

"Who are you?!" Xia Ge's eyes widened in the illusion.

The person in the black cloak paused, stood up, and slowly pulled out some offerings from their sleeve, placing them on the table. They then bowed to the Rain God, picked up the tired child from under the table, and planted a gentle kiss on her forehead.

They found a dry spot to hold the child, letting her rest in their arms.

So gentle.

Until the sky gradually brightened with a pale light.

The person in the cloak hesitated, seeming reluctant, but eventually gently put the child back under the table and pushed open the closed door, leaving with slow steps.

The downpour outside would soon stop, and the warm morning light would shine down from the sky, accompanied by a rainbow-like array of colors.

The person in the cloak left, everything just as it had been the night before.

The child sleepily opened her tired eyes, slowly getting up, feeling weak all over. She looked up at the sunlight streaming through the old window and the puddles reflecting the light on the ground, tilting her head to one side.

She had had a very warm dream.
I dreamt of a warm person.

In my dream, it was raining heavily like last night, but with that person there, even the rain felt gentle.

It was such a good dream.

- So, where should I go to find something to eat today?

Suddenly, she felt something was off.

She opened her eyes wide and looked at the reflection in the puddle, it was the shadow of the altar behind her, with steamed buns and various fruits on it.

And the rain god's merciful and gentle smile.

She stiffly turned her head.

It was not a mirage, but real offerings.

Although Xia Ge was a materialist.

But that was her first time believing in the existence of gods in this messed up world.
