The melodious sound of the flute gradually faded away after the song ended.

The moonlight was chilly, and Xia Wushuang gazed at the stars in the sky for a long time without saying a word.

Gu Peijiu thought she wanted to hear her say something.

Anything would do.

As if hearing her inner voice, Gu Peijiu heard Xia Wushuang say, "This is the first song I learned here."

"The person who taught me this song told me that when I miss home, I can play it and everything will be okay." Xia Wushuang sat on the grass and looked into Gu Peijiu's eyes with a smile. "Although I know this song doesn't have a good omen, I still like to play it."

"No good omen?"

"Um." Xia Wushuang lay down on the soft grass and looked up at the bright starry sky. "The first part is lively, welcoming people back to their hometown with joy and happiness."

Gu Peijiu listened silently. She knew the rest of the story, but she still couldn't help but want to hear this person say it.

She had heard the same words in her childhood dreams.

The scenes from her dreams were all blurry in front of her eyes. Now, with Dou Dou's memories, everything gradually became clear as if the clouds had cleared and the mist had lifted.

"But after returning home, everything has changed and there is destruction everywhere."

"So, the first part is lively, and the second part is sad."

"..."

Xia Wushuang fell silent for a while, then said, "I'm not really afraid of terrible things that may happen in the future."

"I'm just a little afraid that everything won't be as I imagined."

"..."

Just like a soldier who risked his life to return home, thinking that he could get what he wanted after returning, but eventually found that what he wanted only existed in his imagination.

Everything has changed, and nothing remains the same.

Just like how she thought Chu Shi would never abandon her.
It's like she thought that everything she did desperately would move someone a little.

Gu Peijiu held the bone flute for a while and heard herself say, "Don't be sad."

She leaned down, and her cold fingertips brushed against Xia Wushuang's slightly moist eyes. "...Don't cry either."

Don't make a crying face with a smiling corner of the mouth.

Gu Peijiu wondered.

Is it because they have the same soul?

So when they are sad, they will have the same expression.

Xia Wushuang was silent, as if lost in thought.

"...I don't know who I want to like," Xia Wushuang muttered to herself, "and I don't have anyone to rely on anymore."

"I think about walking alone on the road ahead."

"I feel very scared."

Xia Wushuang, who was carefree and unrestrained.

In fact, in the final analysis, she was just a girl who was afraid of loneliness.

"If there is someone who can make me always believe," she said, "and never have to be afraid of her leaving, that would be great."

Gu Peijiu stared at Xia Wushuang's eyes.

As if she could see deep into her soul.

Xia Wushuang talked to herself for a while, and then felt a little ridiculous and self-deprecatingly said, "...Why am I telling you all this?"

"You don't understand anything."

At that time, Gu Peijiu really didn't understand.

But she knew what she wanted.
So, even if she tried her best, she would give her everything she wanted.

This person's soul was the meaning of her existence in this life.

It doesn't matter if she understands or not.

Gu Peijiu leaned down and hugged the girl's neck. Her soft black hair fell on her shoulders, feeling the slightly warm temperature of the girl against her. She heard her own soft yet firm voice.

"If... please believe me."

"I will always be the way you imagine me to be."

Perhaps afraid of being rejected, she spoke slowly but without pause, with a reasonable and convincing appearance.

"I am your leader..."

"...I will always be behind you."

"I will never leave you."

"Till death do us part."

"I... swear to you."

At that time, the moonlight was cold, but the stars in the night sky were brilliant.

= =

These days at Danfeng, Senior Sister has not shown any signs of waking up. However, more and more people have come to visit her after hearing her name as a ground-level alchemist. Even Jianfeng's senior disciple Chang Lan came to visit in person.

Chang Lan stared at her with deep meaning for a long time.

It made Xia Ge feel a little uneasy, as if she had exposed something.

But in fact, she didn't think she should have exposed anything. After arriving at Danfeng, she relied on a Pigu pill without eating or drinking, and never took off her mask except for that time she lured the snake out of its hole. She basically didn't do anything suspicious.

After sending away the visitors, Xia Ge felt a little tired. Looking at her Senior Sister's quiet sleeping face, she felt it was necessary to go to the Demon Sect to get the antidote.

Longing... was also in Su Chan's hands.

Su Chan.
Su Chan.

Xia Ge thought about this name and how someone could be so bad in this world.

Truly bad to the bone.

Su Chan...

As Xia Ge pronounced this name, there was a sudden flash in her mind, as if in a dream.

In that image, clusters of purple perilla flowers were in full bloom.

A little girl in a red dress, barefoot, held her hand tightly as she picked a handful of perilla leaves. She seemed to be speaking, her voice faintly tinged with a helpless smile. "Why don't you look like a god at all?"

The little girl pursed her lips, shook her head, and looked at her stubbornly.

Her eyes were full of "wherever you go, I'll go."

"Really clingy." She shook her head, then laughed again. "Oh, right, little god of fortune, let me give you a name."

The little girl's eyes lit up slightly, and then she said a bunch of words that she couldn't understand.

Probably something like wanting it to sound good and be likable.

"Alright, alright, I got it." She took a perilla leaf and placed it on the little girl's head. "Hmm, since you're so clingy, let's call you... Achán."

"Do you like it?"

The little girl, wearing the perilla leaf, looked at her with her beautiful, narrow eyes, watery and didn't say whether she liked it or not.

After a while, the little girl said slowly, "Surname."

The little girl pulled at her clothes and spoke earnestly, "Need, full name."

Her pronunciation was a bit awkward, as if it was the first time she had spoken this language.

She laughed and waved the perilla leaves in her hand. "Alright, Su Chan, how about Su Chan?"

The little girl tilted her head and thought for a moment, then made a soft "Mm" sound.
"... Su, Chan."

She said, "Like..."

"Xia... Wu Shuang."

The memories abruptly stopped.

Xia Ge pressed her temples for a moment and felt a little dizzy. After a while, she came back to her senses.

She shook her head, feeling a little confused, and simply went out of the room. "What was that just now?"

"The Earth level is different from the Profound and Yellow levels," the system explained. "When you reach the Earth level, it means that you have broken through a bit of the Heavenly Dao, which means that... some of the Heavenly Dao rules will be ineffective for you."

Xia Ge was a little bewildered. "What does that mean?"

"For example, after a person dies, they lose all their memories and enter the Six Paths of Reincarnation," the system said. "This is a 'rule' under the Heavenly Dao, and Earth-level people have stepped outside of the rules, and some rules begin to fail... which means that you should have forgotten everything, but you will remember some things from your past life."

"..."

Xia Ge felt absurd. "That's impossible."

Her soul was from the present world. How could her past life be here? Or was it the past life of this body?

The system said, "This is the Heavenly Dao rule of this world, and you have also entered the 'Earth level' of this world, so..."

-So, what you remember will also be your 'past life' in this world.

The system paused. "...I don't know the rest, maybe there was an error?"

"..." Xia Ge felt a headache. "What a mess..."

After thinking about it, she had no clue. She chose not to believe in the truth of that moment.

She didn't want to have anything to do with the name "Su Chan."

The system had previously told her that her senior sister was generally okay, the Ten Thousand Soul Pill still worked, and the part of her soul that was injured by the Soul Poison had been repaired by the Ten Thousand Soul Pill, but...

"...Her soul is only half there," the system explained to her. "She has been behaving like a normal person because half of her soul gave up some emotions and allowed a subtle balance between her soul and body."

Translated by AI.
And the soul poison shattered this balance decisively.

Even if the half soul was repaired by the Ten Thousand Soul Pill, it would be difficult to achieve such balance under the influence of the remaining soul poison.

The best solution is to find the lost other half of the soul, followed by finding Su Chan and having her completely remove the soul poison.

Xia Ge wanted to find that other half of the soul.

She really wanted to know where the half of the soul that her senior sister had lost was.

Suddenly, Xia Ge thought of the Rain God Temple she had seen a long time ago in the White Dream Cave.

That woman in black clothes who was gentle.

Her heart skipped a beat.

When Xia Ge came to her senses, she found herself inexplicably walking into the territory of the Sword Peak.

"..."

Senior sister said not to go to Sword Peak.

She hadn't been here for years.

Xia Ge shook her head, turned around and was about to leave, but heard a faint sound.

And the kind of invisible gaze that had always been there.

However, the next moment, Xia Ge's footsteps suddenly stopped, and her voice was a little cold, "Come out, don't be sneaky."

No response.

Xia Ge's gaze turned cold, and a chill spread throughout her body. The pressure of the soul suddenly dissipated, and countless birds flew away from the trees in panic, the leaves shook, and it was eerie.

Xia Ge said coldly, "I told you to come out, can't you hear me?"

After a while.

A young man slowly walked out of the woods.

The young man was dressed in Sword Peak clothing, his black hair tied up with a blue hairband, and he looked at her with a gentle gaze, like a handsome young man.
"Disciple of Sword Peak... Li Liu!" 

Xia Ge had a good memory, she squinted her eyes and said, "You..."

After thinking for a moment, she swallowed the name and her voice remained cold, "Who are you? What are you following me for?"

Xia Wu Yin knew Li Liu, but Xia Ge did not.

"I happened to pass by here." Li Liu raised his eyes, with a gentle smile on his face, "I apologize for any offense."

Xia Ge looked at him for a while, withdrew her pressure, and turned around to go back to Dan Peak.

"Never mind."

"Please stay." The young man smiled, "Since you're here, it would be a pity to leave so soon."

"Not really." She had no interest at all.

"Xia Ge is really kind-hearted." The young man smiled lightly, "No wonder..."

The next second!

His neck was tightly pinched, and Li Liu was pressed against the tree. His cold spine was pressed against the hard wood. In front of him, the black eyes under the fox mask were cold and ruthless, "Who are you?"

"..." 

Although his neck was being pinched, Li Liu's expression was still smiling, as if he had no idea that his life was in danger.

"Xia Ge won't kill me." The faint smile on his lips, under the long eyelashes, his black eyes were deep, "After all..."

"I know so much, you should know." 

Xia Ge had no expression on her face, "I have nothing else to know except for killing spies."

Li Liu grabbed the wrist of Xia Ge's hand that was pinching his neck, "No... you should know."

= =

These past few days, Ye Ze had been restless.

On the Evil Spirit Mountain, Xia Wu Yin's words were like a poison, pouring into his heart.
"What does it matter?

If a dream come true can make one ecstatic to the point of madness, then what about a nightmare come true?

What does everything from the past matter?!

As usual, Ye Ze went to the sword practice field at Jianfeng to practice his swordsmanship. He had already reached the peak of the Profound level, only one step away from entering the Earth level realm.

And this step was incredibly difficult.

This step... was Xia Wuyin.

Three years ago, his betrayal of trust was like a demon barrier that stood in his heart, becoming the bottleneck that he couldn't break through for two years.

And now, knowing the "truth," he should have been able to break through that step - proving that he did not betray his trust, and that Xia Wuyin owed him! He should have been able to break through it -

However, he couldn't.

It was as if he should have been able to see the sun through the clouds, but instead, the clouds dispersed, replaced by heavier shackles that weighed heavily on his heart, indescribable.

The breakthrough was beyond reach.

Because his instincts told him.

- Xia Wuyin is not that kind of person."
