After Xia Ge opened her eyes, what greeted her was not the steamed buns, but the young girl standing gracefully and gazing at her.

The contrasting red and white colors of the Dan Feng Su Yi were particularly eye-catching, and Gu Peijiu's black pupils, tied with a red hairband, were as dark as stone. Her lips were not painted, yet still red. Now, those pitch-black eyes were reflecting Xia Ge as she lay on the book, with half of her face exposed...

Her face...

Huh, her face?

Xia Ge suddenly lifted her head from the book, "Senior Sister!"

However, the ink had already dried between her and the book. As she made a sudden movement, her face pulled the book up, and with a "sizzle" sound, the soft pages were torn off halfway.

"Crack."

The sound of the book falling on the table was crisp and clear.

Xia Ge, with half of her face stuck to the torn page, thought to herself...

...Is there a hole in the ground? If not, can I dig one now?

Xia Ge covered her face with her hand, tore off the paper on her face, and awkwardly said, "Senior Sister, you came really early today..."

Gu Peijiu glanced at the bright sunshine coming through the open window of the Dan Ge, silently.

Xia Ge remained nonchalant, "Senior Sister, the weather is nice today, haha."

The last two words were particularly awkward.

Gu Peijiu took a glance at the torn page in Xia Ge's hand, covered the white cloth on the basket, and said, "Go wash your face."

"Okay, okay, I'll go now."

Outside was the Su Xi, and Xia Ge quickly ran to the side of the stream to look at herself in the water.

...Who is this? Who is this person with black words all over her face? Is it her? No, this is definitely not her!!

Where is her handsome face? Who is this ugly person?

The person in front of Senior Sister just now was definitely not this person! Even if it was, it's not her! This ugly person with black words all over her face is not her, not her!

System: "...Are you awake?"
Xia Ge: "......"

Realizing the reality, Xia Ge silently knelt by the stream and began washing her face, slowly washing away the ink on her face.

Xia Ge looked expressionless at the black water drifting away with the clear stream, feeling that she had really woken up.

Well, now she had fallen asleep for an hour while silently taking notes on Dan Shu.

"How did I fall asleep..."

Xia Ge painfully listened to her soul's questioning.

The system hinted subtly, "Host, you dug up twenty sanitary pads in the back mountain yesterday."

Xia Ge: "......"

Okay, okay, she got it, stop talking.

Xia Ge straightened her clothes in the stream, feeling that the little boy in the water at least looked decent, before silently turning and heading to the Dan Ge.

As soon as she stepped into the Dan Ge, Xia Ge propped up her face, intentionally or unintentionally glancing at the buns on the white and red maple cloth girl's table. "Senior Sister."

Gu Peijiu didn't move, looking at her without saying a word.

Xia Ge: "......"

Senior sister, sometimes communication between people requires a bit of tact, it's an art...

...Did you see her thirsty gaze at the buns?

Gu Peijiu obviously didn't see Xia Ge's thirsty gaze at the buns, she just slightly turned her head to look at her, seeming to not understand why she was standing at the door not coming in.

The soft sunlight shone on the girl's fair as jade skin, under her long eyelashes, those black obsidian-like eyes reflected her shadow standing at the door, seemingly cold and detached from the world, but because of that touch of bright red, she had gained some warmth from the mortal world.

-Xiaoge, people are different, some are like grindstones, you have to push them and tell them clearly what you want to get what you want; others are different, they like to do things silently, these people generally consider themselves smart, and are very proud on the surface, when he does something for you silently, you can't point it out, but you must know what he has done for you.

-Xia Wuyin, I'm hungry, you have to say it out loud.

"Senior sister, I'm hungry."
"By a stroke of luck, Xia Ge blurted it out.

...Instead of feeling suddenly embarrassed, she felt as if it was only natural.

Her senior sister was probably the first type of person.

Upon hearing this, the girl in red and white maple clothes paused for a moment, then slightly curled her lips.

"Come over and eat."

"Hehe."

Xia Ge rushed over, "Thank you, Senior Sister, for bringing me food again today. I will study hard every day and become an excellent disciple of Danfeng!"

The system chuckled, "You should go to the back mountain twice less, your senior sister should be able to save some effort."

Xia Ge nibbled on the bun carefully: {Shut up.}

Gu Peijiu watched Xia Ge eating the bun and slightly frowned, "Xia Wuyin, buns are not eaten like that."

She pecked at it, as if she was eating candy that would disappear once eaten, carefully like a bird that could be startled at any moment.

"...Ah, I'm used to it, I'll change it right away." Xia Ge reacted and sped up.

"It's good that you changed it, no harm done." Gu Peijiu finished speaking and glanced at the bandage on the boy's left hand, "Is your injury better?"

"It's almost better..." Xia Ge tried to eat faster.

"Okay." Gu Peijiu looked at the alchemy book on the table that Xia Ge had half torn off with his face, paused, "Very good."

"...Huh?" Xia Ge, holding a half-eaten bun, looked at her blankly.

"You did a good job," Gu Peijiu said, "Your notes are very serious."

The system said, "Actually, I think your senior sister wants to know how you suddenly changed your character..."

Xia Ge focused on the main point, "I also think I'm pretty serious." If only it didn't show on her face.

Being praised for the first time, she was still a little happy."
"After eating, let's refine some pills."

"Okay!"

Watching Xia Ge eat his buns, Gu Peijiu picked up the folder beside her and flipped through it. When she saw the contents on the page, she paused slightly.

The first page was about Lingxi Pill Peak's recent application to recruit disciples from various villages.

Gu Peijiu turned the page and looked at the items below. In a seemingly casual tone, she said, "There are only six days left before the entrance exam. Before that, Lingxi Peak will go to various places to recruit disciples. At that time, not only will the current outer disciples participate in the entrance exam, but there will also be other people, such as Xia Wuyin. Our Dan Peak will only accept six true inner disciples this time."

Xia Ge's eating motion paused slightly.

The system exclaimed, "Oh, this seems a bit difficult this time."

Previously, as long as one could refine the Foundation Establishment Pill, they could enter the inner sect. Why was the difficulty suddenly increased this time?

Xia Ge didn't quite understand.

"It's different," Gu Peijiu could tell that Xia Ge was confused with just one glance. "There are different levels of inner disciples. Based on the quality of the Foundation Establishment Pill, one can roughly see a disciple's talent in alchemy."

"Only those who can freely enter and exit various peaks and the Alchemy Library are true inner disciples," Gu Peijiu continued in a leisurely manner. "Like Ye Ze."

Xia Ge: "..." She could admit that Ye Ze was a true inner disciple, but did he have talent in alchemy?

She was stunned.

But Xia Ge probably understood what Gu Peijiu meant.

In Gu Peijiu's eyes, only the top six in the entrance exam could be considered true inner disciples.

Like the outstanding Ye Ze.

"Xia Wuyin," Gu Peijiu said, "if you are not among these six people, I will not acknowledge you."

Xia Ge was confused.

What did it mean to not acknowledge her?

"If I don't acknowledge that you passed the exam, you will still be an outer disciple," the red and white dressed girl said in a flat tone, but her words were piercing. "In my Dan Peak, I don't want people who can clearly give it their all but always hold back."

The system commented, "Host, you were seen through so quickly. Your acting skills are really bad, poor review."
Xia Ge: "...Shut up, please."

During their idle chat, Xia Ge finished all the buns. Being full always gave her a strong sense of security, and even her nervousness at being discovered disappeared completely with a full stomach.

The boy with green hair tied up bent his eyes.

"Then let's begin, senior sister."

Xia Ge glanced at the bright morning light outside the window, thinking of Ye Ze's tired tone from yesterday.

--Get into the inner door.

--Indeed, she was discovered.

But it was also time to work hard.

So there was nothing to panic about.

The golden alchemy furnace was lit, and Xia Ge began to prepare the materials. She sorted them out and found that there was a lot more luli wood in the materials.

Xia Ge used a small knife to cut off the excess luli wood. "Senior sister, there's too much luli wood again."

Gu Peiju was grading the sect's scrolls on the side, calm and natural in tone. "If there's too much, keep it for yourself."

"Oh."

After sorting out the materials, Xia Ge rolled up her sleeves. "Senior sister, since I've made the best quality Pigu Dan, do I still need to review?"

Gu Peiju paused slightly. "Yes."

Xia Ge stopped rolling up her sleeves. "..."

It was nice not to review, but then she wouldn't have free breakfast.

...Never mind, Ye Ze was leaving Danfeng, and she had a lot of things to prepare for. She didn't have time to waste on alchemy.

Ghost Dragon Jade, Puppet, and finding clues to the Town Soul.

It's just a pity for senior sister's buns every morning and that beautiful face.

It's really beautiful, a face that makes people feel shy just looking at it.
No wonder the system also said that it was the beauty of 3S.

The furnace was hot, and Xia Ge squinted his eyes slightly, then threw the materials into it little by little.

"Two parts of Jingmu."

"Three parts of Liulimu."

After a pause of about three seconds, Xia Ge continued to throw the materials inside.

"Three liang of silver wire carbon..."

"..."

Gu Peijiu's movement of grading papers stopped slightly, and she looked sideways at Xia Ge.

The boy with green hair tied up had a shallow smile of cynicism on his lips, but the deep black eyes had flames jumping in them.

He looked at the furnace, and the flames in his eyes were like faith.

Gu Peijiu saw Xia Wu Yin like this for the first time.

Xia Wu Yin who was serious.

He threw all the materials, sat cross-legged in front of the furnace, and his ink-black hair shimmered with a beautiful red color under the furnace fire. He closed his eyes and pinched a formula with his left hand, which was wrapped in a bandage.

Gu Peijiu's brush accidentally made a small ink dot on the papers--

Alchemy formula?

This little rascal was actually using an alchemy formula?

She had only mentioned this alchemy formula before, and it was in the alchemy book, but if you wanted to use it, you still needed a bit of talent.

Unexpectedly...

Medicinal pills can be divided into four levels according to their variety: heaven, earth, mysterious, and yellow.

Only those above the earth level require an alchemy formula.

Regardless of whether it is heaven, earth, mysterious, or yellow, each type of medicinal pill can be classified into low, medium, and high quality according to their quality. Previously, Ye Ze said that the Pigu Dan was brown, and it was indeed so.
But the highest grade of the Fasting Pill is golden.

He didn't mention the color because he probably thought that Xia Wuyin's level at that time couldn't even refine brown pills.

And the pill formula can attract spirits into the pill furnace, allowing the formed pill to have a higher quality.

Being able to refine the golden Fasting Pill at least indicates that this person has spiritual energy and can achieve the most basic spirit attraction. At that time, Ye Ze became the leader by using the golden Fasting Pill.

Gu Peijiu withdrew her gaze and lowered her eyes.

The flames in the pill furnace were burning fiercely. Xia Ge closed her eyes, the pill formula in her hand was pinched steadily. Su Xi was already abundant in spiritual energy, and with just a slight attraction, a continuous stream of spiritual energy poured into the furnace.

"Almost there!"

Xia Ge collected the pill formula in her hand, opened her eyes, and the next moment, a golden light shone inside the furnace. A strong pill fragrance surged out, and in an instant, the golden light was dazzling in the blazing fire. Two golden pills suddenly rushed out of the furnace and flew towards Xia Ge!

With a casual grab, Xia Ge caught the two pills in her palm, but the next second, she threw them away!

"Ow-ow-ow-hot-hot-hot!"

System: "..." Can you be cool for three seconds? If not, one second is also fine.

It's eye-catching.

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for successfully refining two high-grade *yellow Fasting Pills*, and the system rewards 10 points!]

The red shadow flickered slightly, and the gorgeous and soft silk wrapped around the pills thrown away by Xia Ge, landing on the table of the girl in red and white maple leaves. Xia Ge blew on her burnt palm while running to Gu Peijiu's side, looking at the two pills, "Wow, Senior Sister, did I succeed?"

One of the golden pills had fine red lines, like blood vessels, while the other was smooth and round, a clean and beautiful golden pill.

"It's the Twin Pill, congratulations." There was a hint of a smile in Gu Peijiu's eyes, "You succeeded."

"The Twin Pill?" Xia Ge was momentarily confused, "What's that?"

The Twin Pill is a type of pill that uses one set of ingredients and combines with the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to produce two pills with slightly different effects. These pills, which are made from the same set of ingredients, are called the Twin Pill.

Gu Peijiu briefly explained, then pointed to the golden pill with red lines on the table, "This is the Crimson Blood Fasting Pill. The book records that the fasting time for this pill is not long, only three days, but during these three days, it will keep a person in the best energy and state, without feeling tired."

Xia Ge was very surprised.

"The other one is just a regular high-grade Fasting Pill, and eating it won't make you feel hungry for a year."
"One year?!" Xia Ge was shocked. "You can go without eating for a whole year?!"

Gu Peijiu responded with a "Hmm," thinking that Xia Ge was amazed by its effectiveness. Just as she was about to say something, she heard Xia Ge say with a frightened expression, "I would never eat this kind of pill in my entire life. It's too scary."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

System: "..."

After a while, Gu Peijiu casually changed the topic, "If you have this level of skill in the entry competition, you can easily secure a top three spot."

Xia Ge grinned, "Don't worry, I definitely won't have any problems!"

"Okay, that's good," Gu Peijiu said before continuing to grade papers. However, the young boy beside her remained rooted to the spot, staring at her with a pitiful expression and not moving.

After a while, Gu Peijiu looked up at Xia Ge, "Hmm?"

Xia Ge fidgeted, "Senior sister...since I'm doing so well, can I stop coming to make-up classes?"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

The girl in the red and white maple dress smiled faintly, her voice calm, "Sure."

Xia Ge vowed, "I will never forget Senior Sister's buns!"

System: "..." Something seems off.

==

After finishing grading papers in the Su Xi Pill Pavilion, Gu Peijiu was about to leave when a young servant from the pharmacy approached her hesitantly, "Senior Sister...do you still need the glass wood that you stored?"

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, thinking of the young man who had just finished refining the Qi-cultivating Golden Pill this morning and left without a trace. Her face expressionless, she said, "Put it in the warehouse."

"Yes."

The young servant stole a glance at the expressionless girl in the Dan Feng plain dress and suppressed his doubts. ...Where did Senior Sister get those dozen pounds of glass wood from?

But upon closer inspection of the quality, it looked like it had been picked from somewhere...
