The calamity disappeared, and with it, the "soul sacrifice" it brought also disappeared completely.

Xia Ge lowered her head and saw a broken puppet lying on the ground.

She picked up the puppet.

However, what people saw and what Xia Ge, Gu Peijiu, and the others saw were not the same.

They saw a person who looked exactly like Xia Ge, holding the Eight Wastelands Flute, arguing with Xia Ge. Then, the person seemed to become angry, blew the flute, and countless puppets and evil spirits rushed over. Xia Ge then swung her sickle and cut them down, turning them into dust and blood on the ground.

Then it turned into a broken puppet.

For a while, people looked at it differently.

This puppet could hold the Eight Wastelands Flute and transform into the appearance of others to summon evil spirits and puppets...?

...

Chang Ren widened his eyes and became a little crazy: "No... it's impossible! You should all die! You all should die here—"

He had not finished speaking when he suddenly felt a sharp pain in his chest!

His voice stopped abruptly, his eyes bulging as he stared at the person in front of him.

Ye Ze stood in front of him, and the Sky Sword in his hand mercilessly pierced through Chang Ren's chest.

"The only one who will die here is you," the boy's voice was indifferent, but his eyes were full of bone-deep hatred, "no one else."

Chang Lan cried out, "Father!!"

"Ye Ze!!" Chang Nian gritted his teeth, "What are you doing?! Don't go too far!!"

The answer to him was a sword light that broke through the barrier.

After a pause, Ye Ze lowered his eyes, inexplicably recalling the words the carefree young man had said a long time ago.

"You can't always live in hatred."

He also said,

"Aze, people always have to look forward."
Translation:

If he kills him.

Under the cold and bleak sword light, Ye Ze's eyes were icy, and he let go of his hand. "Chang Lao thief has the power of a heavenly level. If you save him, he can still live."

...He will watch him fall from grace.

Watching him, never to get up again.

The barrier broke, and Chang Lan stepped forward to help Chang Blade up, but was stopped by someone.

The soul sacrifice disappeared, and those who realized it too late naturally had to settle the score.

Ye Ze's lips curled up with a cold smile. "After all, I'm also waiting to see him fall from grace."

Chu Yi supported Chu Yao, did not stop, just looked at Xia Ge from afar, with a few hints of nostalgia and indescribable sadness in her black almond eyes.

The people around gradually gathered, and Gu Peijiu's eyes flashed, feeling that it was not suitable to stay here for long. She picked up Xia Ge, who was in a daze, nodded at Chu Yi from afar, and disappeared in a flash amidst the flying red petals.

"Hey, why did she leave?!"

"That's Gu Peijiu from Danfeng! I know her - I also went to the Heroes Gathering last time -"

"Pah! You still have the nerve to mention it! You were beaten so badly that you didn't even look like a human!"

"Tsk, who got beaten? I just didn't feel like going up..."

"Stop talking, what just happened, why were there two little demon girls?"

"Could it be..."

...

Brother left.

Su Chan fulfilled her words, and the man that Chu Yi loved...

Chu Yi was slightly lost in thought.

"...What are you thinking about?"

A slightly hoarse voice sounded in her ear.
Chuyi snapped back to reality and looked at Chang Ren and his son who were surrounded not far away. He fell silent for a moment and said, "Sister."

Chuyao replied lazily, with a hint of exhaustion and joy, "Yes, what is it?"

The Wind City's barrier disappeared, and the sky was a clear blue. Chuyi looked up at the sky and for a moment, didn't know what to say.

In the end, he could only support Chuyao and pick up the tassel from the ground, gently placing it in her hand.

"That person left."

The tassel was very soft.

Having lost too much blood, half of Chuyao's arm had lost sensation. She smirked, "Yes, I know."

Chuyi wanted to say something, but suddenly, his eyes were covered by a hand.

Powerful spiritual energy spread in all directions, carrying soul power. The remaining fragments of the dead butterfly soul began to tremble slightly.

Chuyi's body trembled slightly.

The butterfly fragments that had scattered due to the self-explosion began to condense as they trembled.

Finally, they transformed into a butterfly flapping its wings, gently drifting onto Chuyi's fingertips.

Although his eyes were covered, Chuyi could still clearly see the gentle appearance of the butterfly in the darkness with his soul. The only difference from before was that the previously broken butterfly soul now had a soul.

By relying on her own power to repair the butterfly soul, Chuyao's breath became even weaker. The hand covering Chuyi's eyes slid down weakly, and everything became bright in front of her. Chuyao's voice was slightly tired as she said, "Life..."

Before she could finish her sentence, her head leaned lightly on Chuyi's shoulder, and she fell asleep soundlessly.

Chuyi was startled and wanted to say something, but his lips moved and he couldn't say anything.

Years of grudges and hatred couldn't be resolved in one day.

She hated this person, and it had become a habit, an instinct.

And then, one day, it was like this...

The young girl silently supported Chuyao, and her long eyelashes fell slightly.

The maids who had been sacrificed by the soul had also regained their senses. Seeing Chuyao leaning against Chuyi like this, they were all shocked and wanted to come over to help. But as Chuyi swept his gaze over them, they all withdrew their hands.
Many people wanted to ask about Chu Yi's situation but were stopped by her maids. Chu Yi's voice was still gentle, "I can't explain what happened earlier, but my sister was heavily injured while protecting me. Please be patient for now."

As she spoke, her lips still carried a calm and gentle smile, hiding her sadness and confusion deep in her eyes. "Because of some issues with the Chang family..."

She paused, let out a sigh, and looked regretful. "The engagement between the Chu and Chang families has ended. I will make an announcement to the world."

Ye Ze watched from the side and walked over after Chu Yi finished speaking. The people whispered to each other and made way for him.

Chu Yi saw him and stopped, holding onto Chu Yao with one hand and reaching out to him with the other. The ghost dragon jade, missing a horn, was in her hand.

"Are you here for this?" Chu Yi's voice was light. "You've borrowed it for so long, it's time to return it."

Ye Ze shook his head. "You can keep it."

Chu Yi raised an eyebrow.

He looked at her quietly and said, "Consider it a thank you gift."

As for what he was thanking her for, they both knew.

After all, Chu Yi had secretly helped him obtain the Radiance of the Heavens through the Hundred Ghosts Cave. She didn't expect him to find out.

Chu Yi paused and said, "Then I will respectfully accept it."

After some pleasantries, Chu Yi turned to leave, her steps slightly hurried.

But then she heard Ye Ze's voice in her ear, transmitted through secret means.

"Why didn't you use the ghost dragon jade to protect yourself just now? Why didn't you take it out?"

You clearly didn't trust her, didn't like her, and even detested her. So why did you have to stand behind her?

And now, what are you in a hurry for?

Chu Yi stopped in her tracks.

After a while, she turned back and smiled slightly.

"I forgot."
...

Perhaps, I just wanted to know.

What it feels like to be protected by loved ones.

Or maybe...

To give myself a reason to let go of hatred and prejudice.

The gentle Silver Butterfly flew up again, and Chu Yi supported Chu Yao, slowly disappearing from Ye Ze's sight.

Ye Ze paused, looked down at the golden long sword in his hand, and asked in a low voice, "Do you think that person can still forgive me?"

The Sword of the Sky hummed twice, seeming to disdainfully answer his childish question.

Ye Ze pursed his lips, but couldn't help but slightly curl his eyes.

Parting with old friends was indeed melancholy.

But it's okay.

As long as he's alive, there will always be a chance.

Whether mortal or divine.

He lifted his head slightly and looked towards the direction where the red-robed deity had left. The sky above was clear and bright, and as he looked at it, his mood couldn't help but brighten up.

= =

The sky was clear and bright.

The light of Su Chan's Pure Spirit Pearl rolled over this vast land, becoming a true god while purifying the grudges of this land and sending them into reincarnation.

From then on, there were no more evil spirits in this land.

The calamities became a thing of the past, and the light of the gods of fortune would forever shine on this vast land, bringing eternal peace and tranquility.

After the battle at the Chang Family, all the sects and clans were in an uproar for a while.
"Have you heard? The Ye family in the solitary city colluded with the demonic cult and the Chang family..."

"I heard about it a long time ago. That old man has no shame!"

"I heard he was punished and imprisoned by the Zhì faction, his reputation in tatters... It's really useless for him to have obtained the Radiance of the Firmament. I heard that the Radiance of the Firmament only recognizes the bloodline of the Ye family."

"Haha, the bloodline of the Ye family? Even the bloodline of the Emperor of Heaven would be hard to recognize, right? The young master of the Ye family hasn't even had his clothes recognized yet."

"Not recognized? Then how did he wear it?"

"Let's put it nicely... It's called borrowing temporarily?"

"Hahaha, you're so poor."

"But what happened that day was really something... Let's not talk about that old man. Do you know about the situation in the Evil Spirit Mountain?"

"Ah! The former Danfeng Sect Leader? That little demon girl?"

"Yes... I heard that it wasn't her who released the evil spirits."

"What? If it wasn't her, then who was it?"

"It was a puppet made by the demonic cult to make her realize her identity. They used her identity to release the evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain..."

"You're kidding, right? To make her realize her identity? What kind of twisted logic is that?"

"You don't know. It was all the fault of that old man from the Chang family... Back then..."

After the person vividly described what happened back then, the other person suddenly realized, "So you mean that the little sect leader didn't even know who she was? The demonic cult found her and made a puppet to release the evil spirits..."

"Of course. Think about it. Xia Wuyin was not just a small priestess - she was the only Earth-level alchemist on the entire Fengyue continent! Who wouldn't want her?"

"That's true... But no matter what, she is still Qin Yue's daughter."

"But it seems that the evil spirit tide was suppressed because of her..."

"How is that possible?!"

"I don't know, but everyone else says that Xia Wuyin can refine the Wan Hun Dan using evil spirits as materials, and use that to eliminate the evil spirits. I don't know if it's true or not..."

"But it's true... After that time, there was no more evil spirit tide..."
Rumors were spreading everywhere.

But it seemed as if they were being guided by someone, silently leaning towards one side.

After healing his injuries, Chang Ren became crazy and delusional, constantly spouting words about "unifying the world." He was treated as a madman and eventually punished by the authorities. The engagement between the Chang and Chu families was naturally cancelled. The once prosperous Chang family, which had been renowned for the "Radiance of the Heavens," began to decline under the condemnation of the masses.

Chu Yao returned to the Chu family to recuperate and there was no news of her for a long time. Chu Yi officially took over the chaotic mess of the Chu family, with the help of the Hundred Ghosts, and slowly brought the family back to life.

Ye Ze returned to Lingxi Peak to cultivate, and Ye Madam was temporarily settled at the foot of the mountain.

The warrant for Xia Ge's arrest had been lifted by the authorities, and with the disclosure of the truth about the Evil Spirit Mountain by several high-level members of the demonic cult who had been captured, Xia Ge was cleared of suspicion of releasing evil spirits.

The fact that Xia Ge was a puppeteer became unclear to everyone. Some said she was, after all, even if she was innocent, she was still a small priestess of the demonic cult. Others said she wasn't, because the "puppeteer" who looked exactly like Xia Ge, exposed during the incident at Evil Spirit Mountain, was used by the demonic cult to confuse everyone. Even though Xia Ge had the Eight Wilderness Flute, no one had actually seen her manipulate puppets.

For a while, no one knew what was true or false. And as for Gu Peijiu and Xia Ge, who were at the center of all the rumors, they seemed to have disappeared after the battle at the Chang family, and no one had heard from them since.

As if they would never appear again.

Perhaps, they really would never appear again.

Who knows?
