A wet and warm tongue was licking her face, along with a pair of eyes.

The barbs on the tongue were gentle.

Xia Ge struggled to open her eyes from the saliva.

The fine sunlight shone down, and the deer eyes of the blue plum blossoms were bright.

Xia Ge's mind was slow to react for a while, "…Lost Deer?"

"Yo-yo~"

The Lost Deer heard her call and elegantly circled around her twice. With no Lost Deer blocking her view, Xia Ge finally realized where she was.

She leaned against a tree, surrounded by lush trees. Occasionally, there were old guardian puppets walking by, their mechanical eyes turning stiffly on Xia Ge for two circles before ignoring her and walking away.

…The back mountain?

Yes, when she went to Bai Meng Cave, she took Mao Qing and fled to the back mountain. Then, it was too late. She entered Bai Meng Cave, met the Green Jiao, got the Eight Wasteland Flute, and also met Chu Yi—

Chu Yi…

And now?

A thunderbolt suddenly exploded in her mind!

Xia Ge jumped up in a panic and looked around. "Little Butterfly!"

A furry monkey climbed down the vine, its brown eyes looking at her. After a while, it climbed up again, and then climbed down again. With a wave of its paw, a persimmon slapped her face with a "pah" sound.

It seemed to be saying that there was no butterfly, but there was a rotten persimmon.

Xia Ge: "…"

The ripe persimmon was sticky and stuck to her face. The orange juice was sweet, and Xia Ge raised her head expressionlessly. The monkey that threw the persimmon turned its red butt to her and pouted.

Fine.

When she was down, even the monkey bullied her.

Unable to find anyone, she inexplicably returned. Xia Ge leaned against the tree, feeling a little depressed. The Lost Deer came over and began licking her face again, licking away all the persimmon juice on her face.
Xia Ge: "..."

You've really worked hard.

"Xiao Gui?" Xia Ge called out to the system twice, wanting to ask about the situation.

However, as expected, there was no response.

It was indeed an old system. As soon as she fell asleep or passed out, it would immediately shut down and go into hibernation mode, only starting up again long after she woke up.

The white key was gone. It inexplicably left the Bai Meng Cave. And what about Chu Yi? Was she still in the Bai Meng Cave?

There was also that strange voice and the things she saw in the Bai Meng Cave...

And that person in the black cloak... was it Senior Sister? But the age didn't match up at all.

She took out the red Dan Feng Palm Order, and her gaze dimmed slightly. If it really was Senior Sister...

No, even though the hope was slim... she had to at least go down the mountain and take a look.

Rubbing her slightly throbbing temples, Xia Ge stood up. The monkey on the tree was still winking at her. Xia Ge sneered and kicked a stone up from the ground.

[One-hit kill]

"Squeak--"

The small stone hit the monkey's red butt with a loud "pop," and the monkey let out a miserable scream, clutching its butt and running away.

= =

The night was getting darker.

"Miss! Where did you go...you're finally back..."

Xiao Qian vaguely felt that something was wrong and whispered, "Miss, what's wrong with you?"

Xiao Qian was the maid of the Chu family. Since Miss Chu returned from her disappearance, the master felt guilty and specially brought in a new group of maids to serve her.

Miss Chu liked to smile, and her smile was particularly pleasing to the eye, making people happy.

But for some reason, even though Miss Chu smiled sweetly, Xiao Qian always felt that she was unhappy. Under that sweet smile, there seemed to be something deeper hidden.
Only when facing the young miss does Xiao Qian see a hint of emotion in her.

...Hatred.

Like a puppet that only knows how to smile, at the moment she sees the young miss, a soul filled with hatred is injected into her.

Blatant disgust.

Therefore, Xiao Qian rarely sees the second miss with a gloomy expression at other times.

Under her jet-black bangs, her eyes, as dark as midnight, are now tinged with coldness and chill. Although she returned under the moonlight, there was no gentleness from the moonlight, and her clothes were also stained with some dust, making her look a little disheveled.

"Miss, let's change clothes..." Xiao Qian comes up, wanting to change the young miss's clothes, but is coldly pushed away. Xiao Qian is slightly stunned, she raises her head, but meets the cold gaze of the young girl.

Xiao Qian instinctively takes a step back.

"I won't change." Chu Yi quietly looks at her for a while, and suddenly smiles.

The slightly hooked lips, the pitch-black and cold eyes welcomed the gentle moonlight, and the black hair was like ink. The girl's gentleness was like a fleeting flower.

Blooming in the moonlight, withering in the mortal world.

It makes people infatuated.

Xiao Qian is stunned for a moment.

Chu Yi smiles lightly, approaches, and speaks softly, "Am I beautiful?"

Xiao Qian is speechless, and it takes a long time for her to stiffly find her voice, "Miss... you have always been beautiful."

Today, she looks even more beautiful when she smiles.

"That's good." Chu Yi withdraws her gaze. "So, I was beautiful all along."

She walks to the mirror, following her memory.

She actually can't see anything.

Her world is pitch-black.

After Gu Peijiu rescued them from the White Dream Cave, they landed in the same place as the withered bamboo village. In the midst of desolation, Chu Yi's eyes slowly began to see light.
She instinctively closed her eyes, and when she opened them again, the darkness had dissipated and light had entered. In her line of sight was the brilliant morning light on the horizon, as well as a young boy not far away, holding a bamboo sword and staring blankly. It was Ye Ze. She could see again.

Chu Yi glanced at Ye Ze and noticed the missing corner of the ghost dragon jade at his waist. She squinted her almond-shaped eyes and thought of herself before, feeling a bit ridiculous.

"...I will take responsibility for bringing everyone back," she said.

Gu Peiju stood in the distance, her voice clear and crisp. Chu Yi turned her head and saw the dazzling girl in the clouds and shadows, dressed in the same Dan Feng plain clothes as Xia Wuyin.

Gu Peiju. Almost instantly, Chu Yi remembered the soaking wet, smiling boy she had met at Dan Feng, and the current Dan Feng disciple in front of her. The blurred features of the boy became clear in her mind. He...or rather, she, was standing behind Gu Peiju, looking very dependent. She smiled at her. Jealousy. The girl clenched her fists slightly under the sleeves embroidered with silver butterflies. ...So jealous. Jealousy was almost killing her. Gu Peiju...

After returning from the victim village and arriving at the main hall, Chu Yi saw the boy who had left her behind at Bai Meng Cave. He looked very energetic.
Chu Yi absentmindedly looked at the pillar, thinking, "Brother, you look very spirited."

Dan Feng's senior disciple quickly dispelled the suspicion of Xia Wuyin being a spy for the demonic cult with just a few words, and made assurances.

"She's not," Gu Peijiu's voice was cold. "I believe her."

Chu Yi thought to herself.

It's really touching.

So, did Brother leave Little Butterfly because of her?

She does seem like someone more worthy of trust than Little Butterfly.

Chu Yi looked at the young man behind Gu Peijiu, her smile cold and innocent.

The memories abruptly stopped, and in the dark hall, Chu Yi withdrew her thoughts, her eyes lifeless as she looked at the mirror, thinking, as she expected, after leaving the boy named Ye Ze, her eyes slowly became blurry after four hours.

-"You will see."

-"I will make you see."

-"I swear."

...The ghost dragon jade in Ye Ze's hands.

An unexpected misidentification.

Ha.

"Brother is a man of his word." Chu Yi muttered to herself, "...maybe, I was just too greedy."

The voice of misfortune twisted and grimaced.

-He abandoned you.

In that instant, Chu Yi felt like her heart had died.

Her gentle heart had died.

Brother, do you believe it?
The little butterfly has died.

So desire can only expand from the emptiness.

We can only be a little more greedy.

As Little Qian held her clothes, she looked at Chu Yi with some anxiety and said, "Miss..."

"Be mine." Chu Yi reached out, gently stroking the mirror with one hand, her long eyelashes drooping. With the other hand, she pinched the dragon horn she wore on her chest, and lightly kissed it on her lips. Her seven-point gentle eyebrows concealed three points of tenderness. "From being highly regarded by everyone to falling into the mud, no one loves you."

"That way, you will be mine."

The night was deep and dark.

"It's okay, brother."

The girl's eyes were empty like the night, as if she was talking to someone, but also as if she was talking to herself. "Even if you have nothing, don't be afraid."

Chu Yi's lips curled up with three points of tenderness.

"The little butterfly that died will still love you like before."

Little Qian trembled slightly, and the clothes in her hand fell silently to the ground. "...Miss?"

Chu Yi glanced sideways, her pitch-black eyes carrying a thick gloom, and the smile on her lips was both sinister and gentle.

"...This way, brother will never be able to leave me again."

Little Qian's voice trembled, "...Second Miss, you...?"

In the dark hall.

Silence spread.

Chu Yi smiled lightly, as she continued to smile, tears slowly flowed down.

"Brother..."

"I... I'm a little... reluctant." 

= =
It seems that the demon sect at the foot of the mountain has already withdrawn. Previously, Jianfeng was busy with a sick patient and didn't notice Xia Ge's disappearance. Moreover, she didn't stay in the White Dream Cave for long, only three or four days at most. When she returned, the senior sister had also come back and clarified that the puppet was made by her own hands. A senior disciple from Danfeng also vouched for her, and with the supply of her Hundred Soul Pill, everything was cleared up. In the end, Chang Lan didn't say anything, and the matter of the demon sect spy was simply overlooked.

Everything went smoothly.

However, in the main hall, Xia Ge saw Chu Yi.

Her eyes seemed to be able to see again, very bright. Thanks to her previous interaction with Little Butterfly, Xia Ge could tell at a glance whether she was really unable to see or not.

Chu Yi stared at the supporting pillar on one side as if nothing had happened and didn't look at her.

But anyway, it was good that nothing was wrong.

Xia Ge breathed a sigh of relief and withdrew her gaze.

But why did Chu Yi come back with the senior sister? Weren't they supposed to be dealing with the evil ghost tide in the Ku Zhu Village? How did they end up meeting Chu Yi in the White Dream Cave?

"Sister, sister."

At the foot of Jianfeng Mountain, Xia Ge followed the young girl, smiling: "It's been a few days since we last met, sister, and you look even better now."

Gu Peiju walked ahead with a faint voice: "Other than the demon sect attacking the mountain these days, has there been anything else happening in Danfeng?"

Xia Ge, who had been missing for three days: "..."

Xia Ge laughed it off: "Ahahaha... yes, there is something else."

Gu Peiju stopped and turned to look at her. Her pitch-black eyes were slightly deep: "Oh?"

Actually, there didn't seem to be anything else...

But if she had to say, there was!

Xia Ge put her hand behind her back, and even with her rare thick-skinned attitude, she felt a little embarrassed: "I... became a Xuan-level alchemist. Does that count as something else?"

Gu Peiju was slightly taken aback.

"I heard about it."

She turned around and touched Xia Ge's head, and a shallow smile slowly appeared in her deep black eyes: "Yes, it does."
"After three days, we will hold your promotion ceremony at Dan Peak to celebrate our second Profound-level alchemist," said warmly.

A warm hand.

In fact, she didn't care about the promotion ceremony, but she thought that saying so might make her senior sister happy.

Xia Ge squinted comfortably, and after a while, she remembered and took out the palm command, "Senior sister, this?"

Gu Peiju glanced at it and said, "You can take it."

Xia Ge was stunned, and suddenly felt that the palm command was a bit hot. "Ah? I take it? Have I been holding it all the time?"

The little girl opened her cat eyes wide, her white and tender face was a little red, her hair was soft, and she was a bit unbelievable and cute.

Gu Peiju couldn't help but reached out and pinched Xia Ge's face.

The light voice was faintly smiling.

"Well, you take it, palm command."

She thought that this child had finally gained some weight. When she first came, she was really too thin.

It feels very comfortable to pinch now.

Gu Peiju thought.

Xia Ge let her pinch her face, her voice was a bit vague, "But will this...?"

Gu Peiju said, "Don't worry."

"You deserve it."

"Senior sister..."

Gu Peiju pinched for a while, found that Xia Ge's face was red, and she was a little reluctant, so she let go.

It feels very comfortable.

Gu Peiju thought, it would be great if she could pinch it again.

Xia Ge didn't care about these, just asked, "Um, I just saw a person named Chu Yi from Jian Peak... How did senior sister come back with her?"
Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, and all that happened at the Bai Meng acupoint flashed through her mind like fleeting images. The girl in white clothes, carrying a bamboo basket and a bone flute on her back, seemed like she was just there yesterday. She closed her eyes and when she looked at Xia Ge again, her pitch-black eyes seemed slightly deeper.

This child...

She hesitated for a moment.

Hmm, she's very pretty.

"I ran into a little trouble and happened to come across it," she said.

Xia Ge casually asked, "What kind of trouble?"

After a moment of silence, Gu Peijiu looked at her and said, "Do you want to know?"

There was a hint of pleasure in her voice.

Xia Ge replied, "Of course I want to know if Senior Sister is willing to tell me."

Gu Peijiu said, "It's the Bai Meng acupoint."

Xia Ge was taken aback.

She actually told her?

No, wait, that's not the point...

Senior Sister went to the Bai Meng acupoint too? Wasn't she supposed to go to the Ku Zhu Village?!

"How did Senior Sister end up there?" Xia Ge asked.

Gu Peijiu explained the cause and effect of the situation.

As they chatted and walked, autumn had arrived, flowers had fallen, and red maple leaves filled the forest, creating a warm atmosphere.

"Senior Sister broke out of the Bai Meng acupoint directly?" Xia Ge exclaimed in disbelief, "But according to the books, the Bai Meng acupoint is the dwelling place of the Dream God..."

Gu Peijiu shook her head and said in a soft voice, "It's just a dilapidated dwelling of the gods."

Otherwise, it wouldn't have been occupied and controlled by a clothes demon.

"Senior Sister is so amazing..." Xia Ge scratched her head, "I wish I could be as amazing as Senior Sister."
Gu Peijiu paused and said, "This is responsibility."

Although there was no expression on her face, Xia Ge somehow felt that her senior sister seemed very happy.

The two had already returned to Danfeng. Gu Peijiu looked at the red maples all over the mountain and suddenly said, "Don't forget to wear warm clothes."

Xia Ge was stunned as the scattered red maple leaves fell on her head. Gu Peijiu picked them up for her, and a faint sandalwood scent wafted in the air. The corner of the girl's lips curled up into a slight smile.

This was genuine happiness.

The bright red maple leaves against her fair hands were reminiscent of the hand that touched her forehead in the Night Rain Temple, gentle and warm.

It was as if she couldn't control herself.

Xia Ge blurted out, "Senior sister... have you ever had a dream?"

Gu Peijiu was slightly taken aback.

But she saw the girl raise her head, and the bright light and clouds were reflected in her jet-black eyes. She said very seriously, "In my dream... you were there, senior sister."

After saying that, the girl tried to tiptoe and reach for Gu Peijiu's neck, but she couldn't reach it no matter how hard she tried.

She suddenly felt a little frustrated.

Gu Peijiu instinctively lowered her body.

She didn't know what was wrong with her. If she had to say something...

She didn't want this child, this little commander of Danfeng, to be unhappy for even a moment.

She wanted her to keep smiling.

Xia Ge hugged Gu Peijiu's neck, then tiptoed and kissed her forehead.

"...In my dream, senior sister comforts me like this."

Xia Ge said, "I feel very at ease, even when I wake up from the dream."
