The disciples of the Jianfeng Sword Sect below were in turmoil. The Jianfeng Meeting Hall was a very important place and a symbol of the Jianfeng Sect. Any problem arising here was equivalent to slapping the Jianfeng Sect in the face.

However, when the disciples who were patrolling rushed up to see what had happened, they only saw a large piece of roof tile missing from the Meeting Hall, but there was no one in sight.

"Where did the person go?" 

"There was definitely someone up there just now--"

"I don't see anyone...they couldn't have run away that fast, could they?"

"He triggered the alarm formation, he couldn't have escaped! Find him!"

"Let's inform the elders first..."

While the disciples were frantically searching for the culprit who had kicked the roof tile off the Jianfeng Meeting Hall, Xia Ge was being dragged by the collar, shivering in the cold wind. She watched as the Meeting Hall's bald roof grew smaller and smaller in the distance, silently passing through the activated alarm formation and entering a quiet mountain forest.

Xia Ge was being held off the ground by her captor and felt very insecure. She tried to explain seriously, "I didn't kick the tile off your house..."

"Oh?" The person holding her sneered, "Did it fall off by itself?"

Xia Ge: "..." Of course it didn't fall off by itself.

"I didn't mean to do it..." Who knew it was so fragile that it would fall apart with just a kick...

Chu Yao snorted, landing on the ground and throwing her aside like garbage. She looked Xia Ge up and down with disdain, "So short."

Xia Ge: "..." It was her fault for kicking the tile, but it was your fault for being a rooster...

"Speak up, how did the Meeting Hall's roof offend you in the middle of the night?" Chu Yao hugged her shoulders and leaned casually against a tree, looking her up and down before sneering, "Do you think standing on top of it will make you taller?"

The young man, dressed in the outer disciple's linen robe, with his soft black hair tied up with a headband, slowly got up from where he had been thrown to the ground. He stood dryly in place, looking at her with a face full of despair.

Short--how old was she? She wasn't short! She still had room to grow! Who knows, one day she might grow a few tens of centimeters and crush all of you!

Xia Ge felt frustrated in her heart, but her face was still full of apology, "I just thought that Jianfeng seemed to be a few thousand feet higher than Danfeng, and I couldn't help but want to come up and feel the wind."

"Okay, okay, stop being sarcastic." Chu Yao clicked her tongue, "I saw you a long time ago. What are you doing sneaking around the Jianfeng Meeting Hall in the middle of the night?" 

Her tone...it seemed like she didn't really want to investigate seriously?
"Do you mean you saw her a long time ago? Did you see her when she arrived?" 

Xia Ge replied, "I just came to get some fresh air." 

Chu Yao looked her up and down and said, "I thought you came for the same reason." 

Xia Ge explained, "I kicked the tiles of the council hall before you did." 

Chu Yao teased her, "You're really capable. I didn't let you come here to kick the tiles off." 

Xia Ge felt embarrassed and said, "But you let me come here." 

No wonder there were so few guards at the top of the peak. She remembered reading that the disciples of Jianfeng patrolled every day and never slackened, but she had only seen a few of them when she arrived. She had thought that she had improved her stealth techniques, but it turned out that someone was giving her a free pass. 

Chu Yao said, "Of course it was me. Did you think you were capable?" 

Xia Ge felt hurt by her words. 

It was late at night and Xia Ge was pondering how to deal with this awkward situation when she suddenly heard someone ask, "Have you recovered from your injuries?" 

A girl in a tight blue shirt was holding her shoulders and looking at her with light brown eyes. Xia Ge was taken aback and asked, "What?" 

Chu Yao was getting impatient and said, "I'm asking if you've recovered from your injuries. You've only been out for a few days and you're already out here. Don't you care about your life?" 

In the bright moonlight, the boy's black eyes were bright and confused. He asked, "How did you know I was injured?" 

And those purple eyes she had seen before... she must have been mistaken. 

Chu Yao's face looked a bit unnatural, but fortunately the moonlight was faint and the mountains and forests were beautiful, so it was difficult to see her expression clearly. "You fainted during the Danfeng competition," she said. 

Xia Ge was even more surprised and asked, "You went to watch the Danfeng competition? Aren't you a senior disciple of Jianfeng?"
If she remembered correctly, she had failed the Danfeng initiation test several times before, and in the huge Dan tournament field, there was no trace of blue related to the Sword Peak.

Did the sun rise from the west this time?

Chu Yao: "......"

After a while, she said fiercely, "I want to go, what's wrong?"

Xia Ge: "......Nothing, nothing."

If she wants to go, she can go. He did not stop her, why was she so angry?

"Is your injury better?" Chu Yao asked again, like it was a matter of business, with an impatient tone. Xia Ge replied with a "Mmm, yeah," and said, "... it's almost better."

Chu Yao thought of the bloodstains she had seen on the table at the Dan training ground, and thought of how this kid had fooled her around, not knowing whether to be angry or amused. She snorted, "It's only been a few days, and it's almost better?"

"If it doesn't hurt anymore, it's almost better." Xia Ge scratched his head and said awkwardly, "Did you bring me here just to ask this?"

"Of course not." Chu Yao paused, looked at the short figure in front of her, and for some reason, she felt annoyed. She glanced at Xia Ge and said, "Your name is Xia Wuyin? Didn't you say your name was Xia Ge before?"

Chu Yao's eyes narrowed dangerously, "Did you lie to me before?"

... It's embarrassing to have a lie exposed on the spot.

Xia Ge smiled awkwardly, "No... this is just a nickname."

... A nickname? Chu Yao paused, a nickname.

Tsk, this guy is probably trying to fool her again.

"Why did you come to Sword Peak? Don't tell me you came here to feel the wind, I don't believe it," Chu Yao said, "Give me a somewhat reasonable reason, and I won't pursue the matter of that tile anymore."

Xia Ge thought about it, felt that this matter was not like digging up the ancestor's tomb, and there was nothing to hide, so he told the truth, "I came to Sword Peak to see a senior brother, but he scolded me, and I felt upset, so I wanted to find a place to blow off some steam."

Xia Ge felt that he should apologize more sincerely, so he added, "I really didn't mean to kick off the tile of your peak. Who knew it was so fragile."

"Do you know how much silver you owe?" Chu Yao narrowed her eyes, "That tile has been exposed to wind and rain for at least five hundred years, and it's a symbol of Sword Peak!"

Xia Ge endured the pain in his heart, "...how much silver do I owe you then?"

Kicking tiles was fun for a moment, but paying debts was a painful thing.
Chu Yao looked up and down at Xia Ge's skinny figure, as well as the poverty that emanated from within him. She clicked her tongue and said straightforwardly, "You can't repay it."

Xia Ge: "..." How much money did he owe exactly?

"Forget it." Chu Yao looked at Xia Ge's speechless expression and her lips curved slightly as she changed the topic. "Chat with me. I'll let it go this time."

You just said you wouldn't pursue it if I gave you a reason, scammer.

Xia Ge: "Can you just tell me the amount?"

Chu Yao made an 'oh' sound and casually held up three fingers. "Three million taels of silver."

Xia Ge choked on his own blood. "Was your roof made of gold tiles?"

"It doesn't matter what it's made of. What's important is that it's the tile on the Council Chamber," Chu Yao said with a smile. "It's the face of Jianfeng. If you slap it or scratch it, Xia Wuyin, can you handle the consequences?"

Xia Ge: "..." No...

He really couldn't argue with her.

Seeing Xia Ge's silent and honest appearance, Chu Yao raised an eyebrow. "So, who did you come to see?"

"My senior brother."

"The one who came from Danfeng?" Chu Yao asked.

"Yeah."

Chu Yao sneered, and her light brown almond eyes reflected the cold moonlight. "His days are probably not going to be easy."

Xia Ge was slightly startled. From her tone...

"Do you know why I don't care?" Xia Ge clenched the box in her hand and although she knew she was being unreasonable, she couldn't help but ask when she thought of Ye Ze's bruised and swollen face and his cold rejection of her.

"Why should I care?" Chu Yao found it amusing and interesting. "There are so many cases of the strong bullying the weak in this world. Should I care about all of them?"

Xia Ge was silent for a moment. "Naturally, you don't need to care about every case of the strong bullying the weak, but you're a candidate for the top disciple of Jianfeng. You should at least take care of Jianfeng's matters."

"You can't just let those people run rampant," Xia Ge said.


"江山易改，本性难移" Chu Yao laughed, seemingly mocking and taunting, "I can manage it once, but not a hundred times."

"In the end, being bullied is all because of one's own weakness."

Xia Ge touched the box in her hand but didn't say anything.

"I am someone who will save the weak and powerless," Chu Yao said nonchalantly, "but since he was recommended by the senior disciple of Dan Feng to become a disciple of Jian Feng, it means he has the potential to become stronger."

"Since he came to Jian Feng, he must understand that if he is not strong, he will be bullied," Chu Yao said, "I won't lend a hand, he needs to understand that the only one who can save him now is himself."

"You guys at Jian Feng are really strict," Xia Ge muttered.

Regarding what Chu Yao said, Xia Ge only wanted to say -

Well, she understood the reasoning, but she just wanted to have some fun for a while.

Xia Ge clenched the box in her hand.

She had a way.

Chu Yao raised her eyebrows slightly, "What, do you disagree?"

"No, no, no, you're right," Xia Ge snapped out of her thoughts and found a topic to distract her, "I just wanted to say... um, your eyes are really beautiful."

Who knew what she had touched in Chu Yao, her entire body suddenly turned cold, and for a moment, Xia Ge thought it was snowing.

She looked at her in confusion, what's wrong?

Chu Yao pursed her lips, her light brown almond eyes cold as frost, and after a while, she coldly snorted and left, "You can leave now."

Xia Ge: "......?"

She just let her go like that? Why is she angry? She just complimented her eyes.

"Hey..." That Wawa didn't make her apologize?

The mountain forest was picturesque, with a full moon overhead and the faint sound of Jian Feng disciples searching for someone, Xia Ge looked at Chu Yao's back, and finally scratched her head, "Um... thank you."

The "thank you" of the young man behind her dissipated with the wind.

Chu Yao left the forest, feeling annoyed. A disciple searching for someone passed by her on the wide stone path, and upon seeing her, he was overjoyed, "Lady Chu! The conference hall..."
Chu Yao's face was full of impatience. "I saw it, it fell because of the wind. The wind was too strong."

The disciple replied, "Uh, the wind...you are quite far from the Council Hall, how did you see it?"

Chu Yao glared at him with fierce hazel eyes. "What? Do you have a problem?! I said it was the wind, so it was the wind! All of you go back to your patrol positions! Making noise in the middle of the night, what's the point? It's so noisy!"

The disciple, who was sprayed with blood, nodded repeatedly. "Yes, yes, it was the wind, the wind..."

After the outburst, the disciples who had come to search around returned to their respective positions. Chu Yao snorted, but she still felt uneasy.

- Your eyes are really beautiful.

She sneered.

Although she knew the dwarf was just speaking casually, she couldn't help the evil fire in her heart.

"Ah, sister."

A gentle voice of a young girl sounded, "Why get angry over such small matters in the middle of the night?"

Chu Yao gave her a cold look and turned away.

The girl, wearing a thin spring dress and a small cloak embroidered with silver butterfly edges, walked down the mountain path for her, "Sister, I saw you and that child."

Chu Yao's steps halted, her body slightly stiffened.

"Haha, just kidding." Chu Yi smiled softly, "Chu Lady already said it was the wind, why don't you let them stop?"

"Yes..." The disciple felt bitter in his heart. He had already stopped...

Seeing the disciple nodding repeatedly and walking away, Chu Yao's voice was as cold as ice shards, "I said, don't let me see you again."

"Sister, you're wronging me." Chu Yi walked past Chu Yao slowly, the silver butterfly cloak drawing a cool arc in the night wind. "I was just passing by, but...I gained a lot."

Chu Yao ignored her and disappeared like a ghost with a slight tap on the tip of her toes.

She had not walked far in the direction of the Council Hall when the voice of the young man with a hint of grievance echoed in her ear again.

- You can't let those people...be so domineering.

She stopped on a branch of a fir tree, not knowing why. Her lips curled, and her tiger teeth glistened with a cold light.
