The pain is piercing, but that's all it is.

But when you get used to the pain, it no longer hurts.

He paused, his voice low and soft, "I cannot forgive you."

The voice, like the wind, drifted into Xia Ge's ears.

He couldn't forgive her for the blood and sin she had committed, but at the same time, he couldn't become a vengeful judge and let his sword pierce her heart.

Even though he knew clearly that the person who took up the butcher's knife against the Ye family back then was her.

He was born into such a noble family, with a respected father and a noble and gentle mother, and even an unborn younger brother in her womb. But everything was destroyed overnight because of a word from the person in front of him.

The scenes from back then, like poison, were firmly entrenched in his heart, tormenting him day and night.

However, watching her fall from grace, watching her have nowhere to go, watching her have nothing left, he felt uncomfortable.

He knew she didn't remember anything, and he knew what kind of person she was. They had once drunk and talked together, supported each other, shared joys and sorrows, and she had risked her life to save him in difficult times. They had once stayed up all night, talking and laughing, drinking and singing, having a good time.

But he couldn't let it go easily, he was still unwilling.

Let the pain be.

He couldn't just forget everything that had happened back then.

"Just consider it my revenge." Ye Ze looked up, his pitch-black eyes showing nothing - he didn't know what he wanted anymore. "I want to uncover all the truth. I won't accuse you of anything you didn't do."

He wouldn't accuse her of anything she didn't do.

Xia Ge thought this was probably the funniest joke she had ever heard.

She suddenly wanted to tell him that she hadn't done anything, that all these messy things had nothing to do with her -

But she thought about it and smiled, "And then? What else do you want?"

He tightly clenched his fists, his eyes faintly showing a fiery passion, "I want you to fall from grace, to wander all your life, to suffer for the rest of your life, to..."

"To make you atone for the mistake you made back then!"

Xia Ge pulled at the corners of her mouth, her eyes indifferent, "Then I congratulate you."
Ye Ze chuckled self-deprecatingly, "Congratulations to me?"

She said, "Congratulations on getting what you wanted, I am already at death's door."

With her identity exposed, her senior sister would wake up and know everything.

But it's okay, she didn't ask for anything anymore.

Xia Ge thought.

As long as her senior sister woke up, everything would be okay.

Whenever she talked to Ye Ze, she always felt like someone was watching her.

A burning, somewhat greedy gaze.

She subconsciously looked up and saw Mao Qing.

The girl looked at her with a worried and gentle gaze, as if she was concerned about her.

The feeling of being stared at disappeared.

It seemed like there was nothing wrong.

However, Xia Ge felt uneasy.

She silently withdrew her gaze and looked at Ye Ze, who was confronting her.

"You said you want to uncover all the truth." Xia Ge said, "I hope that at that time, you won't regret it."

However, the truth is so elusive that even if it is spoken, who would believe it?

Xia Ge is Xia Ge, Qin Shuang is Qin Shuang, she is her, but also not her.

The truth...

Maybe there will never be that day.

Everyone watched everything like a show, until an old man with silver hair slowly walked in with a stick. Their expressions became serious.

At the mention of this, Ye Ze's heart tightened, she looked away, didn't speak, and slowly stepped aside.
Chang Lan bowed respectfully and said, "Master."

The old man's face was full of wrinkles, but his eyes were sharp as she walked up to them and stared at Xia Ge with a hoarse voice.

"Xia Wuyin."

She was the master of Lingxi Peak, who had been in seclusion for many years.

Xia Ge said, "You've got the wrong person. My name is Xia Ge."

Xia Wuyin had already been expelled from the sect.

A heavy pressure suddenly descended!

The next moment, the pressure of Zhenhun and Tianzhu Ling suddenly emanated, firmly protecting Xia Ge within them.

Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly!

Intermediate Earth level!

She was now wearing Zhenhun, which raised her level by one rank. Although she only had the strength of the Earth level and not the Earth level's state of mind, her alchemy had broken through to the Earth level. With her understanding of all things, her overall strength was stable at the low level of the Earth level. She was not worried that Ye Ze or anyone else could do anything to her.

But facing an advanced Earth level expert-

After reaching the Earth level, being one level lower meant the difference between heaven and earth, a world of difference!

Two ancient clothes demons stood in front of her, resisting the master's pressure!

In addition to Zhenhun and Tianzhu Ling, there seemed to be a hidden force protecting her.

However, Xia Ge was shrouded in the protection of the two clothes demons and did not notice it.

The old man's gaze sharpened.

This is the fluctuation of demonic energy... it's indeed related to the demonic sect!

This child cannot be left!

The old man sneered, "You're quite talented."

Xia Ge did not speak.
The sect leader's voice was icy cold: "Whether you are called Xia Ge or Xia Wu Yin, now, take off the Soul Suppressing Bell, hand over the sect command, leave Lingxi Peak, and don't step in even half a step!"

Upon hearing this, Ye Ze clenched his fist tightly. Chang Nian subconsciously wanted to go out, but was stopped by Chang Lan with one hand.

Chang Nian urgently said, "Brother!"

Chang Lan said coldly, "If you know that I am your brother, then shut up and watch."

Chang Nian: "..."

Xia Ge pursed her lips, her face slightly pale, "Your words are too much. Shouldn't we care about the truth?"

She didn't summon evil spirits and puppets on Mount Evil Spirit!

Although she didn't care about these accusations, she also hoped that Lingxi Peak could give her a clear name.

... Let's not talk about these for now.

But why should she leave the Soul Suppressing Bell behind?

"As everyone knows, the Soul Suppressing Bell belongs to my Lingxi Peak's ancestor. If you haven't been expelled from Lingxi Peak, I won't force you, but since you are no longer my Lingxi Peak disciple, it is only natural for this thing to stay in Lingxi Peak." The sect leader's voice was indifferent, "As for the truth..."

She sneered, "If you haven't colluded with the Devil Sect and secretly practiced puppetry, I can naturally go and find out the truth and clear your name!"

Xia Ge angrily said, "I didn't collude with the Devil Sect!"

After a pause, she continued, "And there is no evidence. How do you know that I practiced puppetry?"

"Haha." The sect leader sneered, waved his hand, and the space was torn apart in an instant! Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly. She felt a strange fluctuation, and the flowing silver ring on her finger, which had been invisible, suddenly lit up. In the next moment, a jade flute fell from the torn space and landed at Xia Ge's feet.

The jade flute was warm, and there was a fine blood color flowing in the jade.

The space of the flowing silver ring was torn open!

Everyone was shocked!

"Isn't this... the flute that summons evil spirits..."


"Could it be that Xia Wuyin intentionally released evil spirits to refine the Ten Thousand Souls Pill?"

"... This is too much, how many people died because of this?"

"..."

Some whispered to each other, "The Sect Leader has improved his Void Splitting Hand technique a lot since he came out of seclusion..."

"..."

The Sect Leader's voice was calm, "This is the Eight Wilderness Flute used to summon puppets. I'm sure everyone who went to the Evil Spirit Mountain at the time knows it. Do you have anything else to say?"

Xia Ge closed her eyes and didn't say anything - she had nothing to say, she just felt cold.

Although she was a puppeteer, she had never done anything harmful with her puppetry.

The two hundred people from the Ye family were not killed by her.

She was just a lonely ghost, struggling to survive in this body.

But no one would believe her.

Those who believe in you will believe everything you say, and those who don't believe you won't believe you no matter how many times you explain.

After all, people who are not involved in the matter only believe what they want to believe.

Bixi, who was watching on the side, was very anxious. She wanted to speak up, but after thinking for a while, she didn't know what to say.

The Sect Leader was about to order someone to take Xia Ge away when a voice interrupted him.

"How interesting."

A girl's voice sounded lightly, "Just because she's not from Lingxi Peak, you all don't care about the truth anymore?"

Xia Ge was startled and looked up.

Everyone's eyes were different, but when Xia Ge looked up, she met a pair of smiling eyes.

It was Mao Qing.

Mao Qing came to see her. She was wearing a red maple plain dress, her eyes were flowing, and her expression was radiant.
She walked up to Xia Ge and picked up the Eight Wasteland Flute from the ground, placing it in her hand.

The touch of the Eight Wasteland Flute was icy cold, and the girl's fingertips brushed against her palm, faintly warm.

Mao Qing's voice was gentle and gave people goosebumps.

"This is yours."

Then she smiled.

"If your own things fall to the ground, you have to learn to pick them up."

- This is yours.

She silently said in her heart: "You are mine."

Xia Ge held the flute motionless, looking at her. For some reason, Mao Qing's voice was very pleasant to listen to, but she felt as if she was being entangled by a venomous snake, her whole body cold.

She couldn't speak.

Mao Qing - or rather, Su Chan - looked at her with pity and compassion, like a cat lost in the snow, unable to find its way. Heaven's Punishment was under her feet, and her hand gently touched Xia Ge's cheek, her voice soft, "Are you very sad?"

Xia Ge moved her lips, but found that she couldn't speak.

Mao Qing... Mao Qing wasn't Mao Qing... she was...

"Who are you?!" The Sect Leader immediately noticed that something was wrong with Mao Qing, suppressing his anger, his voice as cold as frost and snow.

"You look like you're about to cry." Mao Qing's voice was gentle. "Tell me, who bullied you, who made you sad?"

Mao Qing ignored the Sect Leader's question and just looked at Xia Ge, her smile shallow and gentle.

In her previous life, Xia Wushuang was in her palm, and in this life, Xia Ge was also her possession.

Just, she let go last time, and this time, she won't be so foolish.

If it's hers, then it's hers.

It's really good.
She weaved a dense web, leaving the person with no way out.

As her only follower, he cannot love anyone else.

Mao Qing gently asked, "Who bullied you? Tell me."

Xia Ge remained motionless.

She instinctively glanced at Ye Ze, who remained silent, and then at the gentle girl in front of her, as if she understood something, yet also like she understood nothing.

It was too coincidental. Just after she learned the truth about her body from Li Liu, her senior sister was moved to the heavily guarded Yuxin Palace. This person must have known that she would sneak in at night. Ye Ze also seemed to know something, but why did he suddenly see through Xia Wu Yin's identity when he knew nothing before?

No, something was wrong. She was Xia Ge, why did she have to bear Qin Shuang's burden? It was not her fault. She...

Peach blossoms and flowing water.

Her senior sister's voice seemed to be in her ears again.

She touched her head, her eyes and eyebrows softened with tenderness.

She said, "You've grown taller again."

"I'll grow even taller!"

...

She used Qin Shuang's body to steal her senior sister's tenderness and love.

So...?

She suddenly felt lost. She didn't know where she was going. She instinctively wanted to turn around and see if her senior sister was behind her.

Where was her senior sister? Was she behind her? She was losing her way, she wanted her to hold her hand, tell her where to go, quickly...

However, her head was held in place by a pair of soft hands. Mao Qing wouldn't let her turn around, just gazing into her eyes. In those narrow, black eyes, there was deep affection, tenderness, and a hint of pity.

...Pity.

In an instant, Xia Ge thought of Li Liu's eyes.
Li Liu, Mao Qing... Su Chan!

And... Ye Ze.

In almost an instant, Xia Ge understood.

Could it be that time!

Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted.

Terrifying.

Too terrifying.

After doing those things, why can this person still look at her like this?

As if she had never done anything before, as if she loved her with all her heart.

"... You stepped on it."

After a long time, Xia Ge heard her own voice. She looked at Mao Qing, or rather Su Chan, pulling on Tian Zhu Ling, looking down at her feet, her voice struggling and suppressed, "You... move."
