Xia Ge went to the streets to look for Ye Ze. She searched for a long time at the usual place where he begged but couldn't find him. She asked some familiar beggars and finally found the clothing store.

"It's over there."

"I saw him go in earlier. He seemed happy, like he was going to buy something," a slightly older beggar pointed to the clothing store not far away, hesitating for a moment. "But I didn't see him come out."

"When did he go in?" Xia Ge asked.

"At 9 o'clock in the morning," the beggar replied.

Nine in the morning? It's already three or four in the afternoon, why hasn't he come out yet?

Xia Ge frowned. "You didn't see him come out?"

The beggar thought for a moment. "He left for a while at noon. He might have left then. But come to think of it, that clothing store is a bit strange."

"Weird?" Xia Ge asked.

"I can't just go around badmouthing someone's business, haha," the beggar said and left.

Xia Ge pondered for a moment and looked up at the store.

But what she saw wasn't a signboard. The first thing Xia Ge saw was a black-toothed logo on a red pillar, surrounded by a eerie ghostly aura that made people very uncomfortable.

Xia Ge suppressed the bad feeling in her heart and went into the store. Although there were few people around, there were still some people. The shopkeeper lazily tinkered with the abacus on the counter. When a little beggar came in, the shopkeeper didn't drive him away, but just gave him a casual glance. His pair of triangular eyes made people very uncomfortable. Xia Ge took a look at the shopkeeper. He was thin to the point of being deformed, with prominent cheekbones and a slightly blackened forehead.

It gave her the feeling of someone who had taken too many drugs.

Xia Ge thought for a moment and put on an innocent smile. "Are you the owner of this store?"

The emaciated shopkeeper lifted his eyelids. "Hmm."

"Have you seen someone..." Xia Ge described Ye Ze's height and appearance and then smiled. "My companion said he bought a piece of clothing here..."

"I've seen him," the shopkeeper's voice was a bit hoarse and lazy.

"Where is he?" Xia Ge's eyes lit up.

The shopkeeper glanced at her and took out a black money bag and a new piece of clothing. "He bought a piece of clothing but didn't take it with him. He said someone was looking for him, so he left."
Xia Ge recognized the purse.

It really belonged to Ye Ze.

...Bought clothes but didn't take them with him?

It didn't seem like something Ye Ze, who was known for his lavish spending, would do.

"If you know him, just take it back to him," the shopkeeper threw the things at her and then frowned, waving his hand impatiently. "If you have nothing else to do, leave. I still have business to attend to."

Seeing the shopkeeper trying to shoo her away, Xia Ge quickly said, "I'm here to buy clothes!"

She held Ye Ze's purse and the clothes and casually picked out another outfit before running into the fitting room. "This dress looks nice, I'll try it on."

The shopkeeper, who was so thin he looked deformed, saw Xia Ge run into the fitting room and, as the door "click" shut, a sinister smile spread across his face.

Truly, heaven has a way but you don't take it, hell has no door but you walk right in.

In an instant, the open door slammed shut and the other customers Xia Ge had seen earlier disappeared like smoke.

Meanwhile, Xia Ge inside the fitting room was completely unaware.

...This shop feels a bit strange.

Xia Ge stood in the fitting room, holding the clothes and purse, furrowing her brow.

The purse belonged to Ye Ze, she recognized it. He had been carrying it around for the past few days...why would he just abandon the clothes he had worked so hard to save up for?

It didn't make sense!

Xia Ge stuffed the purse into her pocket and then picked up the clothes Ye Ze had bought.

The small clothes were made of comfortable fabric and had no loose threads. When she compared it to her own figure, it fit perfectly.

Thinking of Ye Ze's bright smile from a few days ago, Xia Ge's mood became complicated.

Outside the fitting room, the shopkeeper pulled a sinister smile and quietly pressed a button.

Click.

Xia Ge, who had just pulled the clothes apart, suddenly found herself falling into a one-meter square hole. She was almost completely unprepared, but Xia Ge was quick and managed to grab the edge of the hole with her right hand while holding onto the clothes with her left. She hung there, half suspended, swaying dangerously.
Xia Ge suddenly realized that there was a small dungeon below!

Inside the dungeon were some people with lifeless eyes, some dressed in luxury, some in coarse clothes with new clothes in their hands. They looked numb when someone fell down, as if they were used to it...

It seemed that they were people who had been unfortunate enough to be caught after buying clothes in this store.

In her mind flashed the image of the black-toothed fangs on the pillar in front of the store.

...This store was indeed strange!

At the same time, the beggar's sigh from ten days ago quietly surged back into her mind -

"Be careful of things with the fangs symbol."

"Run as soon as you see them."

Things with fangs...

Xia Ge held onto the clothes and the edge of the wall, her heart suddenly cold.

The door of the fitting room was quietly opened, with no extra light coming in. The store door was already closed. In Xia Ge's eyes, there was only the gaunt and slightly terrifying face of the shopkeeper.

He looked at her holding onto the edge of the wall with a sinister gaze and pretended to sigh, "Aren't you here to find your companion?"

Xia Ge looked up at him, her pupils slightly shrinking.

Behind him slowly emerged countless grotesque ghost heads.

Countless black smoke filled the air. Some of the ghost heads were cut in half by a knife, exposing their brain matter. Some had two sharp bull horns, while others had eyes all over their cheeks...

What they all had in common were their eerie snow-white fangs.

...They were ghosts!!

He lifted his foot and ruthlessly stepped on Xia Ge's hand. His smile became even more terrifying. "Soon...you will be reunited--"

Xia Ge's fingers were in excruciating pain, but she endured it and instinctively trembled. She looked up at him innocently and said, "If we can't be reunited, can you compensate me?"

"I compensate you?" The shopkeeper laughed even more sinisterly, loosened his toes, and squatted down to slowly break Xia Ge's fingers. "You little trash, how about I compensate you with death?"

As soon as the shopkeeper finished speaking, black bugs slowly crawled out of the ground in the dungeon. The people locked in the cages immediately screamed in despair and panic. They desperately climbed up the cage bars, and some who couldn't climb fell down. The small bugs with sharp teeth showed up, devouring the flesh and blood of the people, leaving only eerie white bones, like a swarm of locusts passing through a wheat field.
The horrifying screams made one's scalp numb.

Seeing that her right hand, which was grabbing onto the edge of the abyss, had only two fingers left, Xia Ge smiled brightly and suddenly said, "This is the Ghost Camp, isn't it?"

The shopkeeper was stunned at her words. Xia Ge's eyes flashed, and she grabbed the new clothes bought by Ye Ze, muttering an apology, before smashing the skinny face of the shopkeeper with her left hand. Then she used her empty left hand to pull the shopkeeper's leg, and with a sudden jerk, pulled him into the hole. Using her momentum, Xia Ge exerted force with her right hand on the edge of the hole, jumped up, and slapped the stunned shopkeeper who had fallen into the hole with her left hand. She then pulled back her clothes and flipped back onto the ground!

The few ghost heads also fell down with the shopkeeper.

"Ah-"

A horrifying scream!

As soon as Xia Ge lowered her head, she saw countless black worms with fangs covering the shopkeeper's skinny and protruding face in the dungeon below. They had almost instantly bitten off all the flesh on his face, revealing the mechanical structure beneath.

A silver metal skeleton, with a ghostly stone instead of brain matter in its head. The real eyeballs had been eaten by the worms, and the shopkeeper's glass eye turned slowly, watching her with a sluggish body, and said menacingly, "You...wait for me..."

His vocal cords were bitten off by the worms, and he didn't speak again. Only the cold glass ball reflected a cold and crazy light.

Like dragging one to hell, a ghost that never transcends.

Xia Ge took a cold breath!

It was actually a puppet!!! No, it was not a puppet...half of it was still human, and the other half was a puppet!!!

Were those ghost heads because of the ghost stone in their heads?

- Ghosts, they were really ghosts.

In an instant, in Xia Ge's mind, there were countless nightmares of Dou Dou being eaten by evil spirits.

And those invisible eyes.

The screams of the people below and the hoarse voice of the half-puppet shopkeeper were like the most terrifying nightmare. Xia Ge was so scared that she trembled all over, and crawled and pulled Ye Ze's clothes to run out. The system's voice was sharp, "You have to save Ye Ze!"

"You can't just stand by-"

Xia Ge's footsteps stopped, she trembled all over, her mind went blank for a moment, and the clothes bought by Ye Ze in her hand were cold.

- Can you...call me brother?

- You must know what he has done for you.
After a long time, or perhaps not so long, Xia Ge slowly turned around.

"Where is he?" Her voice was hoarse, like a rusty record, grinding slowly.

"Tell me, how can I save him?"

= =

In a daze.

The moonlight was icy cold.

The young man sat quietly at the top of the house, his deep purple eyes reflecting the pale moonlight.

A breeze blew through his soft hair.

A voice came from the ruined temple below, "Are you okay?"

"Where... am I?" The voice was confused and hoarse.

It was Ye Zhe who had woken up.

Good.

Xia Ge thought.

System: "You did it."

Yes, she did it.

She became an official puppet apprentice, temporarily learned the basic skill of manipulating puppets, "Soul Stealing", and took control of the half-puppet shopkeeper's soul, ordering him to take her to find Ye Zhe.

Along the way, they encountered many fierce and terrifying ghost apprentices.

The system told her that if the shopkeeper had not been a half-puppet that could be controlled by "Soul Stealing", she would not have been able to handle them so easily.

Because purebred evil spirits without reason would not be fooled by her level of "Soul Stealing".
With the guidance of the shopkeeper, she found Ye Ze in another small dungeon.

He was the first puppet she controlled with her commands.

She rescued Ye Ze.

Just as the system had said before.

She also became a puppeteer.

"My eyes..." Xia Ge's voice trailed off. "When will they return to their original state?"

"About three days?" The system hesitated. "Three days should be enough."

Three days, that's a long time.

Xia Ge looked up at the long night ahead of her. Without food for three days, she might starve.

The next day.

Ye Ze, who had woken up, spoke less.

Everyone around said that it was Xia Wu Yin who dragged him back. Her small body dragged his large one, blindfolded, all the way back to the temple.

People's attention was all on Ye Ze, who was unconscious, and for a while, no one noticed the strangeness of Xia Wu Yin's eyes. When they came to their senses, the silent little child was already gone.

Ye Ze thought of the child named Xia Wu Yin.

He knew that he had been saved by him again.

He gazed at the clothes placed on the side, silent for a long time.

Apart from these, perhaps he should also thank him.

If it weren't for these clothes, he might never have found any clues in his entire life...

The words he heard in the fitting room grew wildly in his heart.

He couldn't let go of it.

"Evil Ghost Camp..."
They participated in that merciless massacre.

They were accomplices who destroyed everything he had!

They... deserve to die.

Ye Ze buried his head in his knees, his eyes filled with hatred and murderous intent.

= =

Xia Ge bought a veil for herself.

It was strange to beg while wearing a veil, and since she had become a "promising" puppeteer, it would be difficult to fulfill her dreams of becoming a shining little beggar with her striking purple eyes that would make people think she was a monster.

Xia Ge also didn't want to be recognized by anyone she knew in the temple, so she carefully covered her eyes with the veil. Luckily, she was smart enough to save some copper coins, so she didn't really starve.

She bought a steamed bun on the roadside and bit into it with force.

[Ding... You have encountered a key character!]

The system's prompt suddenly appeared, catching Xia Ge off guard and causing her to bite her tongue.

"Ouch...hiss..."

Xia Ge spat out the steamed bun and covered her mouth. She had bitten it with a venting mood, so it was not a light bite. It hurt so much that tears were almost falling.

When she recovered, Xia Ge was about to ask who the key character was, but when she looked up, her throat tightened.

She didn't ask.

She saw a child.

The child's eyes were covered with a white cloth stained with blood. She was wearing a dirty pink silk dress, and was only a five or six-year-old girl. Her hands were behind her back, her head tilted back, and her snow-white neck was delicate and slender, as if it could break with a gentle twist.

Fragile like a butterfly.

Blindness couldn't stop the noble aura that she exuded all over her body. At only five years old, she had a breathtaking temperament.

Xia Ge thought inexplicably.

Blindness...
Translation:

Doudou.

The pain in her mouth eased, but her heart was pricked slightly. She slowly tore apart the steamed bun and swallowed it all.

The butterfly-like little girl stood quietly at the entrance of the alley, like a painting, sweet and silent.

Xia Ge finished eating all the steamed buns, patted her butt, and turned to leave.

System: "I said you met a key character."

Xia Ge: "Oh, that little girl."

System: "Yes..."

No wonder she was so beautiful.

Xia Ge thought to herself, casually saying, "Then I can rest assured. A key character won't just disappear easily."

System: "..."

System: "Shouldn't you extend your gentle hand to help her?"

Xia Ge's mouth twitched. "I'm sick, okay?"

She couldn't even feed herself, let alone extend a gentle hand to others.

If she helped others, who would help her?

Besides...

"That dress, it looks like it belongs to a noble lady." Xia Ge said, "Someone will come to take her away for good food and drinks soon. I can't be bothered since I can't even afford to eat."

System: "..."

The next day.

Xia Ge encountered the noble girl again.

This time, she was squatting in a corner, drawing something on the ground with her delicate fingers.

Huh, she hasn't been taken back by her family yet?
"So... you haven't eaten for a day?"

Xia Ge watched from a distance for a while, hesitated, and bought two steamed buns.

The little girl was cute, and someone had already left some food in front of her before Xia Ge could approach.

Xia Ge stopped in her tracks.

But the little girl didn't seem to mind. Under the blindfold, her skin was fair, her lips were as red as cherries, and her slender fingers drew on the ground.

Xia Ge held the two steamed buns and pretended to pass by, glancing at the little girl's drawing on the ground.

Those were a pair of beautiful almond-shaped eyes.

The little girl was obviously blind, but her drawing was delicate, with slender eyelashes and bright pupils. Her fingers were stained with dust, but she didn't seem to care.

Soon, she finished her drawing.

It was like art.

"...You draw really well." Xia Ge felt embarrassed when she realized she had already been squatting next to the little girl, watching her the whole time. "I was mesmerized."

The little girl smiled, her lips curling up shyly and gently despite the blindfold.

"Thank you," she said softly.

Xia Ge bounced up as if she had been electrocuted, as if she had seen a ghost.

Blind.

Shy and gentle, with a soft voice.

...Doudou.

Looks very similar.

But it wasn't.

Xia Ge took a deep breath, slowly crouched down, and asked softly, "Why do you draw eyes?"

"Because I like them," the little girl paused and replied.
Because she wants to.

The little girl smiled sweetly, "I want to remember those eyes."

To remember everything owed to her by those eyes.

"Because I want to as well."

To want everything that just one pair of eyes can bring.

Xia Ge fell silent for a moment, a long moment, and finally silently placed the steamed bun beside the little girl, just like countless passersby had done before.

"Because I want to as well."

Dou Dou.

She reached out to touch the little girl's head, but the girl, though still smiling, stepped back and avoided her touch.

The smile remained pure.

Xia Ge's hand touched nothing and she was slightly stunned.

Finally, she silently withdrew her hand and left without saying a word.

And after Xia Ge left.

The little girl's cherry lips were still curved in a innocent smile, but her snow-white fingertips were like sharpened blades, coldly and mercilessly cutting the pair of picturesque eyes on the ground into pieces.

As if she and the owner of those eyes had an irreconcilable enmity.

On the third day.

Xia Ge passed by the little girl again.

This time, the little girl looked a bit disheveled, her hair messy, her fair face covered in a bit of dust, and her pink silk dress even dirtier than before.

She leaned against the wall and didn't draw anymore, quietly and a bit pitifully.

What had happened to her?

Xia Ge tried to make herself care a little less, thinking from the perspective of an onlooker.
A young noble girl who was blind since childhood wandered outside. What will she encounter?... Xia Ge suddenly didn't dare to think about it. "Does it have anything to do with me?" Xia Ge asked herself. "No, it doesn't," she repeated. There were so many pitiful people in this world, and she was not a saint. The system cautiously said, "That's Ye Ze's harem." Xia Ge: "...". So that's the "key person" it was talking about. The system didn't need to say anything, and the little bit of confusion in Xia Ge's heart instantly disappeared. She pulled her veil down a little and slowly turned around, but then saw a tall young man not far away looking at her with an unfriendly expression. Xia Ge: "..." Xia Ge lowered her veil and slowly turned around, and then ran away! Ye Ze was furious, "Xia Wu Yin, stop!" Xia Wu Yin? She didn't know who that was! After turning three corners and four turns, the two of them rushed through narrow alleys, bustling restaurants, and street vendors like a gust of wind, one in front and one behind, like a cat catching a mouse. The sky behind them was filled with clouds, and everything in front of them was like lightning. Finally, Xia Ge used her Ghost Shadow Maze and ran to the small forest outside the town, still shaking off Ye Ze.
She found the small stream in the woods, the gurgling water flowing as she took a glance.

The purple in her eyes had slowly faded away.

"How troublesome," Xia Ge thought.

Meanwhile, not far away, Ye Ze, who had lost Xia Ge, stood still. He was picturesque in the bright sunshine, but he felt a bit cold inside.

After a while, he returned to the small temple and handed the clothes to the old beggar.

His voice was soft. "Please deliver this to someone for me."

In the evening, Xia Ge followed the stream until the purple in her eyes had completely faded away before returning to the small temple. However, many beggars were inside, but Ye Ze was nowhere to be seen.

The old beggar handed her a set of clothes. It was the same one she had rescued Ye Ze in.

The moonlight in the middle of the night was like flowing silver.

May 1st at midnight had ended, and May 2nd at midnight had begun.

But Ye Ze had disappeared.

It was as if he had vanished from the town without a trace.

One day, two days, three days passed.

Until the old beggar told her that Ye Ze had been taken by the people of the Evil Ghost Camp.

"Why?" Xia Ge asked.
The old man fell silent for a moment and said, "The Evil Ghost Camp and the Demon Cult participated in the Ye family's...". He didn't continue, but the meaning was clear. Ye Ze obviously knew about it. Because she had nothing, revenge was her only option.

She stood alone at the broken temple door, the morning sun not too hot or cold, but the lingering mist was icy cold.

"What are you thinking about?" Perhaps because he was melancholy, the old beggar rarely had anything to talk about. He walked over to her and watched the crimson dawn with her.

"I should go save him."

Xia Ge was wearing new clothes.

It felt warm.

She muttered to herself, "I want to go save him."

The old man asked, "But you're hesitating."

A burst of frankness.

"What are you hesitating about?"

Unlike others, the old beggar did not doubt Xia Ge's ability or question her young age. He just asked like a friend, "What are you thinking about?"

"I'm thinking," Xia Ge said, "I can save him once, twice, countless times."

The dawn gradually dissipated.

"But I can't save the person inside him."

"The heart that beats with hatred, dormant and hidden, like a bomb that can explode at any time, always catching people off guard."
The old beggar sighed and spoke.

"Xia Ge, right?"

Xia Ge paused and replied, "Yes."

"Go save him."

He said.

Xia Ge was taken aback.

"...Consider it my request."

"You know, I used to be the steward of the Chang family." The old man gazed at the dissipating clouds for a moment. "Back then...the head of the Ye family once did me a favor."

Xia Ge's heart skipped a beat.

"Since the Ye family was wiped out...I've been protecting this child." The old man's voice slowed down. "That's why he's been able to grow up until now."

Xia Ge was surprised at first, but then she realized that Ye Ze's naive personality was likely due to someone protecting him, even as a beggar.

"I can tell you some things." The old man said, enunciating each word as he revealed long-hidden secrets. "The massacre of the Ye family was a plot by the head of the Chang family."

Xia Ge was shocked. "What?"

Immediately she asked, "Why?"

In the book, the Ye, Chang, and Chu families were always on good terms. When the demonic cult wiped out the Ye family, members of the Chang and Chu families were always looking for Ye Ze to take care of him...and then Ye Ze rose to power, waving his hand to obliterate the demonic cult and become a hero.

Did she just read a fake book?

"For the legendary ancient demon, the radiance of the sky." The old man's voice was faint. "The current ancient demon, only the Chu family's heirloom Chu Dao Ji Ling has been passed down for generations."

Perhaps there were others that she hadn't heard of.

But the fame of the Chu Dao Ji Ling shook the world. Just this one ancient demon had kept the Chu family prosperous for five hundred years, making them the leader for five centuries.

If it were known that the Ye family possessed an ancient demon...
"The Radiance of the Sky.

No wonder they encountered such a calamity.

"Where is the Radiance of the Sky now?" Xia Ge asked.

"I don't know."

"But I suspect... the Chang family probably has it. But the Evil Ghost Camp is only hired by the Chang family, so they might think the Radiance of the Sky is with Ye Ze."

The old man said, "The Evil Ghost Camp wouldn't kill him for it."

"Besides what I just said, I have one more request." The old man said, "If you can save him, and if he can still live. Don't tell him about these things."

Xia Ge was taken aback, "But..."

"He's still too young." The beggar said, "He hasn't grown his wings yet. If you tell him now, it will only add to his burden."

"And... his parents are responsible people."

"I think they wouldn't want their son to live in hatred all the time."

"I won't say anything," Xia Ge said.

After a pause, "I swear."

The old man sighed, "If he were as precocious as you, he might have suffered less."

Xia Ge didn't say anything, remained silent for a while, then turned around to leave.

She had to find Ye Ze quickly.

The old man called out to her one last time.

Xia Ge turned back.

The sun was shining brightly.

The old man said, "If you feel like you can't save others."
"Just save yourself."

The old man's voice carried the weight of life experience, and his cloudy eyes couldn't see any light.

"Remember this."

"You are only doing what you can. No one will blame you."

It seemed as though she was destined to fail.

Xia Ge thought.

"I don't like giving up halfway." She spoke with youthful spirit. "If I start something, I will see it through to the end."

"I will save him."

She said, "I won't let myself feel guilty."

Xia Ge left.

The old man watched her retreating figure and murmured softly, "Keep moving forward, and never... look back."

When Xia Ge left, she didn't notice the grim, white fangs that appeared on the black background on the old Guanyin temple pillar.

So when she understood the meaning behind the old man's words, it wasn't too late, but it also had no meaning.

It was like waking up from a dream, regretting not doing something earlier.
