Blood was flying in front of her eyes, begging for mercy from Chai Fu, and the dead people from the Hundred Ghosts Cave.

Chaotic and pale memories were hiding endless blood.

Xia Ge walked in confusion on the dark wasteland, surrounded by endless wailing. She accidentally stepped on a corpse and stumbled, falling to the ground.

She stood up slightly panicked, her hands stained with sticky black things. She walked a few steps before realizing and looking down, only to see a hand covered in blackened blood.

"Come towards me..."

Overlapping echoes, with a faintly eerie tone, but trying to sound gentle, "Come towards me..."

Xia Ge felt her heart pounding rapidly. She looked in the direction of the voice and saw only a faint light in the vast darkness, like hope.

Xia Ge was as if possessed, walking towards that direction. But she didn't feel calm. The more she walked, the more anxious, restless, and painful she felt, like a firecracker exploding in her heart. Xia Ge felt like she was going to explode. She desperately wanted to vent her frustration, but she couldn't do anything but walk numbly forward.

... She didn't know what to do, so she could only walk towards what seemed to be the light.

This seemed like a dream, but also seemed like reality.

"People misunderstand you." The voice slowly revealed its sinister fangs. "All kindness goes unrewarded. Only blood and revenge can make them recognize your strength and existence..."

"Who are you?"

Upon hearing this, Xia Ge, even as foolish as she was, vaguely knew that something was wrong.

"You don't have to care who I am..." Its voice was full of temptation. "What you need to do is to give yourself to me..."

Xia Ge instinctively took a step back.

This step back was like stepping on a landmine, and it became angry. "You don't believe me!?"

Xia Ge: "......"

Did you say anything trustworthy?

In the next moment, the surroundings suddenly changed. The dark wasteland disappeared completely, and countless sharp golden lights upside down covered the sky, with sharp tips pointing at her. The ground beneath her feet cracked, and the rolling hot magma reflected Xia Ge's face in red.
The voice became gentle again, "You should come over here."

Xia Ge looked up and saw countless huge cracks in the surrounding land, but there was a complete path leading to the white light under her feet. The golden rays in the sky did not fall, seeming safe.

Xia Ge then realized she should take a look at herself.

She wore a plain white dress and had nothing else. She could be described as powerless.

Xia Ge pinched herself, but it didn't hurt.

Huh, is this a dream?

...It doesn't matter if it is a dream, right?

Xia Ge thought and took a step forward. However, at that moment--

"She will never wake up!"

Chu Yi's voice was like a sudden injection of adrenaline, making her stop her steps. She even felt a bit confused, not knowing why she suddenly thought of this sentence.

Of course, Xia Ge did not know that her body was now being controlled by a curse and was fighting against Gu Peijiu.

Seeing her hesitation, the other party seemed a little impatient. The golden rays in the sky began to shake unstably, as if they could pierce her at any time.

"Come over here!" The other party's tone was threatening.

Xia Ge instead slowed down and asked, "Why should I give myself to you?"

Since this was a dream, there was no need to take it too seriously.

It paused and then laughed ominously, "Because you are afraid!"

"You are afraid of something...not rumors, not misunderstandings...something in this world that you are truly afraid of..."

Its voice suddenly changed, even a bit crazy, "Anxiety, confusion, helplessness, pessimism, despair, no way out, fear, giving up--"

"As long as you have it...I will appear!"

Its voice then became gentle again, "It's okay to have it, and it's okay not to have it. I will save you...I will make you stronger, and there will be nothing in this world that you will fear again..."
People only fear you, and you no longer fear anyone.

Disaster went crazy and threw out its temptation. Gu Peijiu's attack became more and more fierce. It had to quickly devour Xia Ge's soul to strengthen itself!

Xia Ge asked quietly, "So what am I afraid of?"

The other party suddenly became quiet.

Xia Ge said, "I have been feeling timid lately, so I am hesitant to do anything, but I never knew what I was afraid of. Do you know what I am afraid of?"

The other party was silent for a while, then suddenly became anxious, "Stop talking nonsense and come over! Come over and let me make you stronger!"

"...I've been wondering since earlier, what are you anxious about?" Xia Ge asked, "You don't even know what I'm afraid of, how can you save me? How can you make me stronger?"

It hesitated.

Then it became furious, "If you won't take the wine, then you must take the punishment!"

In the next moment, golden swords and knives scattered all over the sky, and scorching magma splashed!

Xia Ge instinctively took a step back. She opened her eyes slightly and found that the magma stuck to her body, and she really felt the sensation of being burned and corroded!

It was very painful!

She suddenly came to her senses - wasn't this a dream?! But she pinched herself and it didn't hurt!

However, she didn't have time to think about it. In an instant, countless light blades were already in front of her!

Xia Ge took a sudden step back. The road was narrow, and as she retreated, her foot slipped and she fell into the gap of the scorching magma!

The scorching hot flow almost instantly engulfed her -

...Am I going to die?

The next moment!

Her body firmly fell into a slightly cool embrace. A cold sword light flashed by, bringing up countless bright white light. The countless golden swords disappeared in the snow-white sword light, and the red diamonds tumbled. Gu Peijiu said faintly, "What, can't beat me outside, so you start thinking of these low-level tricks?"

This embrace, under the scorching magma, was even a bit gentle.

Xia Ge's brain had not yet reacted to what had happened, but her body had already reacted. She grabbed Gu Peijiu's clothes tightly and said, "Senior Sister, it bullied me!"
... Is this a dream?

It must be a dream.

Xia Ge didn't have time to think, she tightly held onto the other person's clothes and didn't even dare to turn around.

If she turned around, she would disappear... what should she do?

Gu Peiju's sharp eyes softened slightly, and a warm light appeared in her eyes.

She reached out, and the Wenqing sword in mid-air cut through a cold light and was taken into her palm. She heard herself say, "Don't be afraid, Senior Sister will help you fight back."

Xia Ge felt a tingling sensation all over her body.

"Hahaha, Gu Peiju! You can't beat me! As long as she- you can't beat me!"

Xia Ge couldn't help but ask loudly, "Who are you?"

The voice paused for a moment, then said ominously, "I am you!"

Xia Ge: "..."

Regardless of whether it was a dream or not, Xia Ge instinctively pulled on Gu Peiju's clothes and turned around, "Senior Sister, don't be fooled by it, my voice isn't that unpleasant."

Then she froze.

With one glance, Xia Ge felt like she was looking into a sea of stars.

Those black eyes were overflowing with tenderness and determination.

When a person loves someone, their gaze is always different.

Gu Peiju made a low "hmm" sound and patted her head, "I know."

Xia Ge closed her mouth in a daze, reluctantly moving her eyes away from the sea of stars, and turned back like a puppet.

But soon she twisted back again, "Senior Sister, what is that thing?"

"What am I? Don't you know that best--"

The white light that was first seen suddenly shone brightly! Xia Ge's eyes were covered by a pale white hand, and the delicate and cold touch blocked out the dazzling light. "Don't look, and don't speak for now."
Gu Peijiu's voice was soft, but her eyes towards Huoming were as cold as ice. She covered Xia Ge's eyes with one hand and asked Qingqing Sword to leave her hand. In mid-air, a clear stream of light traced a path straight to the center of the white light!

Huoming was still raving madly!

"I am your heart - I am the thing you fear the most - as long as you exist, I will not die! I-"

Gu Peijiu's eyes were as cold as ice, her voice cold and indifferent, but full of murderous intent.

"The scariest thing in this world has never been death."

Qingqing Sword pierced through the center of the white light, interrupting its arrogant voice!

The sound of the girl's voice was even colder.

"...But rather, it's better to be dead than alive."

"Ah-"

The white light began to cry out in pain. "What is this?! Impossible-"

Then it went crazy again: "I won't let you go! I won't- Don't abandon me, don't-"

"...I won't be abandoned!! As long as you're alive, as long as you're alive, I will chase after you. You are mine, Huo-"

The sword's light was icy!

In an instant, the sky and earth trembled! The whole world was shaking!

Gu Peijiu covered Xia Ge's eyes and picked her up horizontally. With a light leap, she left the shaking ground. Xia Ge seemed to want to say something, but Gu Peijiu's voice was low, "Shh."

As she spoke, she brushed over the burn marks on the girl's leg that had been scorched by magma earlier, and in an instant, the burns disappeared without a trace.

It didn't hurt at all.

The whole world began to warp. Xia Ge, who had her eyes covered, couldn't see the changes in the surroundings. Gu Peijiu lifted her head and was slightly stunned.

Where is this...

Peach blossoms fell like snowflakes, covering the mountains and plains. Two gods stood quietly in front of an old, gnarled peach tree, covered in thick petals.

Gu Peijiu heard Xia Ge murmuring, "Am I dreaming?"
Gu Peijiu was silent and said, "It was a dream."

Indeed, this was her dream.

And the current Xia Ge was just a soul.

Xia Ge didn't feel pain when she pinched herself because her soul body couldn't harm herself, but those magma light swords were cursed with disastrous souls, so she would be injured if she touched them.

But she had temporarily driven the other party away, and the disaster had temporarily disappeared from her dream. However, Xia Ge didn't expect that the first thing she dreamed of was... this place.

Xia Ge asked cautiously, "Can you let go of your hand?"

Gu Peijiu didn't move, and Xia Ge suddenly hugged her tightly and said, "...It's okay not to let go, just don't leave, whatever you want."

Gu Peijiu said, "I won't leave."

Xia Ge asked carefully, "Can I see you?"

Gu Peijiu felt her palm was slightly sweaty, and Xia Ge's voice was slightly choked, "I...I haven't seen you for a long time, I..."

I missed you.

Gu Peijiu felt the tears falling on her palm were a little hot, and she immediately let go of her hand. But Xia Ge buried her head in her chest and didn't dare to look up.

She was a little shy about returning home.

Qingqing Sword fell from the sky and landed on the ground with a cold and fierce aura.

"To look or not to look?" Gu Peijiu was helpless, paused, and the corner of her lips slightly raised, "Don't look, then I'll leave."

There was a hint of indulgence in her tone.

Xia Ge immediately lifted her head from her chest and held her tightly, "Look, look, don't leave, don't--"

The last word "leave" choked in her throat and there was silence for a while.

Gu Peijiu raised her eyebrows slightly and looked at her.

Xia Ge silently buried her head in her chest again, "...Is it that Senior Sister looks good again, or is it that I think Senior Sister looks good?"

Gu Peijiu sneered, "As long as you think I look good."
"..."

This time Xia Ge remained silent for a while.

Gu Peijiu also remained silent, quietly accompanying her.

"I'm so scared." Xia Ge's voice was muffled. "I don't know what I'm afraid of... it's like I've done something terrible..."

"..."

Gu Peijiu thought of the distant past, and looked at the girl who still didn't know anything, in her arms.

"Actually, I'm not scared at all now." Xia Ge hugged her. "Maybe it's because of some sort of bluff, or maybe because you're much stronger than me, or maybe because..."

Maybe it's because I really like you.

She paused, then hugged her tighter. "Anyway... as long as you're here, I'm not afraid of anything."

Gu Peijiu was slightly startled, feeling a warm current melting in her heart.

She had naturally heard about the commotion outside.

"Don't be afraid," Gu Peijiu said softly. "There's nothing to be afraid of, because..."

Xia Ge immediately covered her ears and said, "Don't say it! I'm not listening! I know you're going to say something like 'because you can also be brave and face reality' or 'you have to learn to face reality'... I'm not listening, even if you're my senior sister!! I won't open my eyes, I won't hear anything!"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

Gu Peijiu laughed, her black eyes shining with light, her lips curved in a shallow smile, as if an iceberg was melting and spring was blooming.

Xia Ge felt like she hadn't moved for a while, and secretly glanced at Gu Peijiu. In an instant, she was completely captivated.

Damn, she's so beautiful!
... No, she can't fall for their scheme!

I won't listen to that kind of talk!

However, before Xia Ge could firmly close her eyes and make up her mind, everything went black, and her lips suddenly went soft.

The warm and sweet breath was a taste that came from the soul.

Xia Ge lost her senses for a moment, forgetting when she had let go of her hands from her ears. The two lips softly rubbed against each other, slowly kissing Xia Ge's cheeks, wiping away the tears from the corners of her eyes, and then moved to her ear.

The voice was gentle, and the ears were rubbing against each other.

"I said there's nothing to be afraid of - because I'll be by your side."

Xia Ge's face suddenly turned red.

After Gu Peijiu finished speaking, he took a step back and looked at her with a smile that was not a smile.

"I remember you said... after I come back from the Evil Spirit Mountain, you'll give me an answer."

"So what's my answer?"

Xia Ge's eyes wandered left and right. "Well, there are a lot of peach blossoms here..."

Would the person in her dream also want an answer?

Gu Peijiu calmly looked at her.

After a while, Xia Ge blushed and said, "I...".

Anyway, whether she was facing Chu Yaosu or Chu Yi, she subconsciously felt that she was a married woman...

Hmm, subconsciously.

Feeling Gu Peijiu's gaze on her, Xia Ge felt uneasy all over. "..."

How could she say such a thing!

She simply closed her eyes and kissed him herself!

Gu Peijiu's pupils shrank slightly, then he held the back of Xia Ge's head and deepened the kiss.
No need to answer, this is the best answer.

Xia Ge thought.

Whether it was in her dreams or in reality.

She would give the same answer.

As long as it was this person.

This kiss was hard to part with, and it took a long time to end. Gu Peiju rubbed her head, "So, you should tell me your real name, right?"

Xia Ge was stunned, "... Real name?"

Gu Peiju: "Your face is different."

Xia Ge was surprised and ran to the small stream on the side to look in the mirror.

Her soul was reflected in the clear stream.

The girl had bright eyes and white teeth, a smiling mouth, a melon seed face, which was exactly Xia Ge's current appearance.

Xia Ge stared at the stream for a long time, and even if she was stupid, she realized, "... Is this not a dream?"

She pinched herself, and it still didn't hurt.

But she was not stupid, she knew that there was a way to enter dreams in this world!

Xia Ge's first reaction was to run back to Gu Peiju, shaking and saying, "Senior sister, you really woke up?! I was wondering why you suddenly disappeared! I thought you were kidnapped by someone--"

Gu Peiju looked at her with a smile.

Xia Ge felt guilty under her gaze, and wondered if her behavior of taking advantage of the situation to snatch a kiss and then going to save her senior sister at Danfeng Mountain had been discovered by her senior sister... But she and Chu Yao were really just pure friends! Her thoughts have always been pure! She only has feelings for her senior sister! And the strategy of taking advantage of the situation to snatch a kiss was really a reasonable choice! The door of the Chu family was just next door! Danfeng Mountain... Danfeng Mountain was a bit far away...

...

The more she thought about it, the more guilty she felt.

Gu Peiju saw that Xia Ge was sweating under her gaze, and felt that she had teased her enough. After a while, she said slowly, "Kidnapped?"

"Nobody can take you away except for me."
Summer Song, who was abducted from the Chu family's courtyard by Gu Peijiu, didn't know what to say: "..."

Did her senior sister not notice...?

Summer Song nervously changed the subject: "Oh right, I...I haven't told you my name yet. My name is Xia Ge."

Gu Peijiu said, "I know."

Summer Song was surprised: "Ah? How did you know if I didn't tell you?"

Gu Peijiu slightly averted her eyes, looking at the two gods under the tree without speaking.

Summer Song immediately grabbed Gu Peijiu's little tail like she had, "Hey, senior sister, do you have something you're hiding from me too? Then let's clear the air. I'm going to the Chu family..."

"No." Gu Peijiu suddenly turned around to look at her, speaking firmly and decisively.

"I haven't even said what I'm going to do at the Chu family or when I'm going," Summer Song protested.

"No." Gu Peijiu repeated.

Summer Song howled, "Senior sister, this is like the pot calling the kettle black. I won't accept this, I won't accept it!"

Gu Peijiu glanced at her.

Being looked at by those beautiful eyes, Summer Song felt her heart skip a beat.

...Why didn't she feel like this before?

Why did she suddenly find her so good-looking?

Were the peach blossoms enhancing her features?

Summer Song gave up: "I said I went to the Chu family before..."

Gu Peijiu made a sound of acknowledgement and said, "I know."

Summer Song went crazy: "Senior sister, how do you know everything?"

Gu Peijiu said, "There are things I don't know too."

Summer Song stuttered, "What don't you know, senior sister?"
Gu Peijiu glanced at her and said, "I don't know what you were doing during the few days you were unconscious."

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge quickly changed the subject, "Senior Sister, what was that just now... and isn't that Ye Ze's sword? How did it end up with you?"

A soft smile appeared under Gu Peijiu's long eyelashes as she saw Xia Ge's silly look as she looked around and spoke of other things.

She touched her head and said, "Let's talk about it outside."

Xia Ge hugged her head, "Don't touch! You'll make me even dumber!"

Xia Ge didn't know that while she was confused in her dream, her body was being controlled by the Huo Ming.

The reason why Huo Ming was urging Xia Ge to go forward in her dream was because Gu Peijiu was relentlessly pursuing her outside. As a result, it was desperate and wanted to devour Xia Ge's reason and soul, completely assimilating her.

If Xia Ge was willing, that would be best. The soul obtained would be more complete and stronger.

If it wasn't voluntary, forced assimilation was also possible, but there would inevitably be side effects.

The clothes on Xia Ge's body were the ancient clothing charm she had derived herself, which was obviously not like the silk sacrificial robes from her past life that could be easily torn... no, it was impossible to tear them at all.

Fortunately, when it was about to succeed, it was careless outside and revealed a few flaws, which allowed Gu Peijiu to take advantage of it and directly seal the restless person. Then she took the fragment of the soul on the Wenqing Sword and shattered it into the dream, which prevented Xia Ge from being turned into a cup of burnt meat skewers by the light sword in the sky and the magma on the ground.

The reason why Huo Ming was severely injured by a single sword strike was because...

In a certain black market stronghold.

Xia Ge squatted in front of the Wenqing Sword, intending to touch the sword body, but ended up touching a handful of fine, shiny powder. She rubbed it and asked, "What is this? Powdered sugar from candied haw?"

Gu Peijiu replied, "No, you can't eat it."

Xia Ge was surprised. She couldn't even tell with her reconnaissance skills?

It looked like the powdered sugar on fancy candied haw, but even if you sprinkle more powdered sugar on candied haw, it's still just a candied haw with six hawthorns. Why should it be more expensive than others just because it's a fancy candied haw?

"Then what is this?"
Gu Peijiu glanced at Wenqing's fancy sugar-coated haws and casually opened her eyes. Xia Ge looked upset, "My senior sister has another secret from me. I don't mind the name, but why won't she tell me how to make the sugar powder on the sugar-coated haws?"

The system: "..." What the hell is this, sugar-coated haws?!

Gu Peijiu: "..."

Xia Ge complained, "My senior sister doesn't like me anymore!!"

The system: "..."

Gu Peijiu helplessly said, "Go wash your hands."

Xia Ge waved her hand, showing off her crystal-clear hand, "No need, it looks so pretty."

Gu Peijiu stared at her, the smile on her lips was profound and unfathomable, "Are you sure?"

Xia Ge: "..."

After washing her hands, Xia Ge took the handkerchief handed to her by Gu Peijiu and wiped her hands, "Can you tell me now?"

Gu Peijiu saw that the little girl was not honest, and there was still some glitter on the back of her hand, which did look pretty.

"Say it, say it," Xia Ge urged her.

Gu Peijiu said, "Ashes."

She said it too quickly, and Xia Ge didn't react for a moment, "Huh? What?"

Gu Peijiu repeated, "Ashes."

Xia Ge reacted, "..."

The young girl jumped three feet high, and in the next moment, without Gu Peijiu having to say anything, she rushed like a gust of wind to the nearby stream to wash her hands vigorously!

When she came back, she almost rubbed off a layer of skin.
Gu Peijiu said naturally, "That's why I told you not to ask."

Xia Ge broke down, "Why didn't you say so earlier, senior sister?"

Gu Peijiu replied, "I didn't have a chance to say it before you touched it."

Xia Ge thought to herself expressionlessly, "Next time my hand acts up, I'll just chop it off to save myself the trouble."

She accidentally glanced at her senior sister's ample chest.

Xia Ge blushed and thought to herself, "Maybe not, it wouldn't be good to upset senior sister by chopping off my hand." 

The system: "..."
