The pitch-black and deep stone road seemed to have no end in sight.

Ye Ze leaned against the wall, slowly moving forward.

Impulsiveness and anger cannot solve any problems, they only make things worse and even make oneself become a burden, the most useless one.

Originally, he followed Chang Nian and Li Liu around Ku Zhu Village, but didn't find any additional wounded. He was about to go back to report when Chang Nian felt some movement in the sky, looked up, and then froze as if his neck was fixed in place.

Looking extremely shocked, he exclaimed, "What the f*ck..."

Ye Ze wasn't interested in learning from him, nor was he in the mood to see what he had seen. At that time, he was rubbing the cornerless ghost dragon jade, thinking about his troubles.

Li Liu, on the other hand, looked up, then exclaimed in surprise, "Ah!" with a hint of fear. The air around them also began to rotate abnormally, as if everything was flying upwards...

Flying upwards?!

Ye Ze snapped out of it, and before he could look up to see what was happening in the sky, a sudden increase in suction force caused him to spin in the air, and everything went black. He was suddenly thrown into this dark place.

When they had just entered, Chang Nian and he were still in the same place.

Although they disliked each other, in this dark place, they temporarily held hands and walked together.

But without Li Liu's mediation, their relationship was predictable.

In the end, the outcome was simple. At first, Chang Nian was somewhat restrained, but when he saw Ye Ze unconsciously rubbing the cornerless jade and then staring blankly, he couldn't help but start making sarcastic comments.

At first, Ye Ze could endure it.

Chang Nian was very pleased with his constant taunts, until they reached a fork in the road. Chang Nian wanted to go left, but Ye Ze said to go right.

As it turned out, the moment of conflict often occurred over trivial matters like going left or right.

"I said to go left, so we go left! You beggar with no parents!"

Most of the disciples of Jianfeng came from a respectable background.

But Ye Ze didn't.

The fact that he was an orphan in Danfeng was basically a well-known secret in Jianfeng. Although some people made fun of him, the disciples of Jianfeng still maintained their dignity and wouldn't say it to his face. As Ye Ze became more and more outstanding, the few disciples who made fun of him in person would always have some inexplicable "accidents." After those "accidents" occurred, no one dared to say anything to his face anymore, although his popularity was still very bad.
After speaking, Chang Nian vaguely felt that something was not right. But once the words were spoken, there was no way to take them back, so Chang Nian stared with her eyes wide open and said nothing.

Ye Ze, who had been silent all along, raised his head slightly. His pitch-black eyes were faintly menacing. "I said, turn right."

Chang Nian stubbornly replied, "I said, turn left!"

In response to Chang Nian's words, Ye Ze's fist came flying towards her.

Chang Nian knew she was in the wrong. They didn't draw any weapons but fought with their fists until they were both bruised and swollen. It wasn't a pretty sight.

In the end, they decided to go their separate ways. Ye Ze went right, where the sound of the wind could be heard.

Chang Nian snapped out of her thoughts as Ye Ze continued to walk forward. The faint sound of the wind gradually became stronger and there seemed to be a light up ahead.

Ye Ze's footsteps paused for a moment before continuing forward. Soon, he arrived at the place where there was wind and light.

In an instant, Ye Ze's eyes widened. The first thing that caught his attention was not the night pearls on the wall or the occasional breeze blowing by.

It was a wooden puppet, pinned to the wall by a sword... or was it a marionette?

The puppet was draped in a black cloak, with its head and limbs hanging low. A layer of black gauze covered its face, and only its pale wooden ankles, eroded by the passage of time, revealed its identity as a puppet.

The sword was simple and unadorned, with simple engravings on the blade. Its material was neither stone nor wood, and a red tassel hung from the end of the hilt. However, the tassel had turned dark over time.

The sword pierced straight through the puppet's chest, showing the mercilessness of the attacker.

This should be... a puppet.

An unpurified puppet.

Ye Ze looked around and saw that it was a relatively spacious area with a ventilation opening. There was nothing dangerous, but there was also no way out.

His gaze returned to the puppet. Ye Ze began to ponder.
A hundred years ago, some puppets had souls.

Ye Ze had read some miscellaneous books about puppets. Some people, in order to live longer, would let the puppeteer put their soul into the puppet and continue living through the puppet's body.

But after ten years, the puppet would become demonic.

At this time, some puppets would choose to commit suicide, and some would be killed by others.

Perhaps this was the self-destruction of a puppet about to become demonic, or a chivalrous person killed by enemies, or a vicious criminal killed by a knight. Regardless of grievances or right and wrong, after a hundred years, they were all just insignificant dust.

It's just that people die like a light going out.

Ye Ze thought of his parents, whose bodies he couldn't find. He was silent for a long time, then walked over as if possessed, and grasped the hilt of his sword.

He murmured softly, "Rest in peace."

Whether right or wrong, after hundreds of years, whether it was a knight or a villain, a person or a puppet, they should not be trapped in this world by the murderous intent of the sword. After death, they should rest in peace.

And in the moment he drew his sword!

Suddenly, everything around him began to twist and turn, and it was as if the world would be turned upside down in the next second.

It started snowing.

The snow was deep and continuous.

A dazzling and deep white, a tragic and sorrowful shattered jade and broken gems.

It contrasted with the blood-red color even more vividly.

It was a village covered in white snow and blood-red color. The bodies, wearing somewhat old-fashioned clothing, were scattered all over the place, and there were occasionally wandering demonic puppets.

Those demonic puppets passed straight through him as if they couldn't see him.

Ye Ze looked up in a daze, and the blood-red color in front of him overlapped with those tragic memories. For a moment, that kind of painful agony pierced his heart!

That pain made him not even notice when his sword disappeared from his hand.
Ye Ze closed his eyes and stumbled a few steps. The cold weather made the blood on the snowy ground even more striking. After a while, his body felt like it was about to freeze.

It seemed like his blood couldn't flow anymore.

He felt like he was about to die.

"Can my brother wait for me? But will the ghosts of the more than two hundred people killed by the Ye family hate my brother for his helplessness?" 

"No..." Ye Ze shook his head, snapped out of it, and calmed down for a while before slowly standing up.

No matter how painful it was, it was useless.

The burden he carried wouldn't disappear just because he was suffering, and it couldn't be avoided by death.

He couldn't die...

Not before he killed that person...

He raised his hand and realized that the sword he had pulled out from the puppet was gone.

The silent village, everyone was dead.

There was a lot of blood.

Warm at first, then cold in the snow.

Ye Ze slowly walked out. He didn't know where this hell on earth was, nor did he know where he should go.

He just felt like he couldn't stay here, in this place, any longer.

Not even for a minute.

On the snowy ground, there were faint bloodstains and footprints, winding and spreading. Some were covered by new snow and couldn't be seen clearly, while others were clear.

As if guided by a ghost, Ye Ze stepped on the snow, one step shallow and one step deep, slowly following the bloodstains, stumbling and walking outside the village. Suddenly, he felt a chill.

He looked up.

The world suddenly became cold, and the wind and snow were blowing hard. In a white shadow, the figure wearing a black cloak, holding the familiar sword that had disappeared from his hand, stiffly standing in the snow, was clear and cold.

The snow was so bright that it was hard to see, but the winding bloodstains and footprints led all the way to the back of the black-clothed figure.
The sword was dripping with blood.

Ye Ze walked slowly towards them, his mind empty.

But suddenly, he noticed that there was another person opposite the black-clothed figure.

The person was dressed in a white garment that looked as if it was melting into the snow. Their face was also white, and their black hair blended with the black cloak of the black-clothed person. Ye Ze couldn't see them clearly from a distance.

He couldn't see the face of the person wearing the black cloak, who was facing away from him. However, he could see the face of the beautiful woman in white who was facing him.

The snow was blowing, causing their clothes to flutter in the wind.

It was a beauty that could not be described, emanating from the depths of their souls.

She, like Xia Wuyin, had cat-like eyes.

"Give me the sword," the woman in white said.

The black-cloaked person obediently handed her the sword.

He heard the black-cloaked person's soft and ethereal words.

"...Do you still believe in me?"

After hearing this, the woman in white fell silent for a moment. Finally, she stepped forward and hugged the black-cloaked person slowly.

It was very cold.

Ye Ze thought, but they looked...very good.

Very...warm.

So, she must believe in him.

But why was the person in white crying?

Suddenly, there was a "chi" sound.

Ye Ze's eyes widened in shock.

The bloodstained long sword suddenly pierced through the black cloak's chest. The cold tip of the sword did not stain a drop of blood, but in the midst of the snowstorm, it appeared too icy.
Ye Ze continued to move forward without taking a step back. He saw the woman in white slowly lower her beautiful red eyes, her long eyelashes resembling butterfly wings. She hugged the person in black cloak and let go of the sword in her hand. Then, she slowly reached down and pulled out a snow-white bone flute from the black cloak person's waist.

The bone flute was as white as snow, with a red knot at the end like a bloodstain, fluttering in the cold wind in the woman's snowy white hand.

After getting the flute, she slowly took a step back, then another.

The cloak person stood still, seemingly staring at her. Even though his chest was pierced by a cold sword, he did not move.

Puppets have no blood, nor do they shed tears.

It just muttered the same words and asked again.

"Do you believe me?"

The wind and frost drifted away.

Ye Ze thought.

The sword in his chest was clearly the best answer.

Why ask again?

It's so sad.

"I don't believe you." The woman in white turned around with the flute in her hand, her back straight and indifferent, her voice soft and cruel. "I will never believe you."

She walked away and gradually disappeared.

The puppet that was stabbed with a sword still stood quietly in place, without moving, staring at the back until the wind and frost blurred his vision and he could no longer see it.

It is said that puppets abandoned by their masters will become demonic.

Because the master did not give enough trust, it will backlash and become demonic.

Will this puppet become demonic too?

Or... has it already become demonic?

Ye Ze thought of the villagers who were killed, and the blood-stained long sword in the cloak person's hand earlier. Suddenly, he felt that without the master's affection, this puppet might backlash against the master.
Will you?

What should I do?

Ye Ze looked up and saw the black-caped figure standing still like a sculpture.

Because his family was killed by enchanted puppets, he had researched this area extensively over the years.

The menacing magic had already begun to spread.

"...enchanted?" Ye Ze was unsure.

No.

These magics... are they the backlash of other puppets? Is this a leader?

If the leader who controls thousands of puppets is abandoned... how much will the puppets below who cannot feel their master's emotions backlash?

Ye Ze was very uncertain.

But he felt it was very cruel.

As the snowstorm gradually faded, the abandoned puppet carefully took out a willow leaf that had been sealed with spiritual power from its arms, and blew it lightly.

A melodious and somewhat cheerful melody began to play.

It was joyful and light, until it gradually became mournful.

More and more mournful.

Gradually mixed with despair, confusion, fear.

And loneliness.

As the sky darkened, Ye Ze watched on, and the moon rose and the sun set, and the horizon lit up with a fish-belly white again.

"Homecoming" never stopped.

The endless sadness, the collapse of faith, the snowflakes in the sky, could not match the scars all around.

No one knew.
This is the first piece it learned to play.

Back then, whenever it played a tune, that person would have a very beautiful smile.

Now, as night turns to day, nobody pays attention anymore.
