"Clang!"

The sound of bone flute and long sword colliding was crisp yet slightly buzzing.

Gu Peijiu held the bone flute and blocked Xia Wushuang's long sword. With one hand, she restrained Xia Wushuang, and with the other, she hugged her tightly and kissed her with closed eyes!

Xia Wushuang's blood-colored pupils suddenly widened as their lips and tongues intertwined, and warm spiritual energy slowly flowed in.

Their lips and tongues intertwined.

Gently entwined.

The blood color in Xia Wushuang's eyes slowly faded away as she stared blankly at Gu Peijiu. Her voice was a little ethereal, "You came?"

Gu Peijiu held her tightly in her arms, as if embracing a precious treasure that had been lost and regained. She whispered, "Yeah, sorry, I'm late."

Dealing with Su Chan was really difficult. She had felt the warning of the Wenqing Sword by Xia Wushuang's side several times before, but Su Chan was not easy to deal with. Fortunately, she had managed to drag Xia Wushuang here and arrived just in time.

Xia Wushuang felt a little dizzy in her head. "What did you just do?"

"I didn't do anything... just sleep for a while." Gu Peijiu lowered her head and gently kissed her forehead. "After waking up, everything will be alright."

Xia Wushuang looked at her with watery eyes under her long eyelashes. She smiled faintly, "But..."

Before she could finish her sentence, she fell asleep heavily in Gu Peijiu's arms.

Su Chan appeared out of nowhere and saw the situation at a glance. She said, "Gu Peijiu! By betraying your master like this, you will be punished by the heavens!"

The people below were in an uproar, looking at Gu Peijiu and Su Chan who suddenly appeared. They were all surprised, "Who is this?"

Someone whispered, "It seems to be Gu Peijiu who has been with Xia Wushuang all the time and... the girl in red who fought with her yesterday?"

"Betrayal? What does it mean?"

Su Chan said, "You imprisoned the head of Xia for half a month for your own selfish desires. Now, you still persist in your stubbornness?!"

Gu Peijiu remained silent and said indifferently, "It doesn't matter."

Then she picked up Xia Wushuang, and with a flicker of her figure, she was about to leave.

Su Chan fell to the ground, and the mandala flower vines around her suddenly bloomed like thorns, turning into a net of heaven and earth, trapping Gu Peijiu in the middle. "Where do you want to take her? Put her down for me!"
Gu Peijiu said, "She belongs to me."

After speaking, Gu Peijiu pulled out the sword from Xia Wushuang's hand. The Qinqing sword flashed a bleak cold light in her hand, and a terrifying aura suddenly spread out. Almost with the power to split the sky and shatter the earth, she cut off the flower vine alive! Her eyes were pitch black, and her gaze was cold. "Anyone who tries to take her away from me, I will kill him."

Her voice was clear and even a little plain, but it was clear to all. Everyone was shocked by the sharpness of her killing intent and amazed at the beautiful appearance of the white-clad girl who remained unchanged in mid-air. For a while, no one dared to speak, just staring at her in a daze.

The young man who was holding the deer for Xia Wushuang looked bewildered, watching everything that happened above his head. When these two people arrived, the deer in his hand became much calmer.

Su Chanhan said coldly, "Gu Peijiu, let go of the person in your hand!"

Gu Peijiu said, "As long as I am alive, I will not let go."

After a pause, she said word by word, "I love her."

"So, she can only belong to me."

Su Chan's pupils shrank, never expecting Gu Peijiu to say such a thing in this situation!

Upon hearing this, the crowd below was like a pot that had been blown open. "What does this mean?"

"Is she... betraying us?"

"...imprisoning her master... this white-clad girl actually has emotions!"

"Could it be that Xia Sect Leader was in seclusion before..."

Su Chan looked down at the people below and suddenly realized.

No... she said it on purpose!

In just this moment of daze, Gu Peijiu and Xia Wushuang disappeared without a trace!

Su Chan stomped her foot fiercely. "Wait for me!!"

Gu Peijiu used Xia Wushuang's mouth to show that she had betrayed her and fell in love with her master, and then naturally kidnapped her. This way...

After calming down for a moment, Su Chan looked at the people below and clenched her fists tightly.

As long as Gu Peijiu had the ability to make Xia Wushuang never see the light of day again, the public opinion would point to her. Accusing her of imprisoning her master and causing her to lose her mind would instead relieve Xia Wushuang of her burden.
The person ran away and caused a commotion below. People began to focus on their own interests and asked, "What about our matter?"

"..."

Su Chan's voice was cold as she said, "Get lost."

The people below were not convinced and asked, "Where did you come from?"

"I said get lost, can't you hear me?"

Suddenly, a fierce anger erupted from the girl. Her eyes were cold, and blood stained the air. The terrifying flower vines suddenly sprouted from the ground and were sharp enough to scare the people away.

After driving everyone away, Su Chan coldly snorted and was about to leave. But suddenly, she turned her head and saw a man holding two deer. He was struggling to move through the sharp flower vines. It wasn't that he was holding them, the reins had been cut by the vines. He was holding onto a rope, looking scared.

Su Chan furrowed her eyebrows slightly and said, "Why haven't you left yet?"

The rope slipped from his hand, but he still managed to gather the courage to say, "The two deer belong to Master Xia... Xia's deer."

Su Chan heard him and saw the two unusual deer. She waved her hand and removed the flower vines, then stepped forward to the man. "Hmm?"

"These are the two deer that Master Xia asked me to watch over when he came here," the boy said timidly. "But now..."

Su Chan glanced at him and saw that he had a spirit stone that was imbued with Xia Wu Shuang's aura. She paused for a moment, then took the reins of the two deer and gave the boy a bag of spirit stones. She then said, "Give me the one in your hand."

She was a natural beauty with black hair like ink, and her eyes were narrow and cold. If she smiled, she would be absolutely stunning.

The boy was stunned as he gave her the spirit stone. The bag of spirit stones was heavy, but he was too distracted by the beauty in front of him. He had never seen such a beautiful person up close before.

Su Chan suddenly smiled at him and asked, "Am I pretty?"

The boy was still in a daze and replied, "Yes, very pretty..."

From afar, she was a beauty, and up close, she was a stunning beauty. He even wanted to give her his heart.

Su Chan's lips curved into a smile. "If I were to gouge out your eyes, would you be able to see more clearly?"

The boy was still dazed and replied, "Um..."

But he suddenly realized what she had said and screamed in pain as she chopped off his hand.

Su Chan's smile was warm and gentle. "You did help that person, so I was going to let you go. But your eyes were too insolent, so I had to punish you a little."
The young man gritted his teeth and muttered, "You can chop off my other hand..."

"You are so good-looking, anything you do is right," Su Chan scoffed and waved her sleeve, sending the man flying into the clouds. "I won't gouge out your eyes. Leave now while you can."

Life and death are unpredictable.

Perhaps he was sent flying into the clouds and beyond.

Su Chan flicked her coat and glanced at the two deer, squinting slightly. "Lost deer...?"

The two deer stared at her, their eyes wary.

"Tsk." Su Chan dismissed them with a snort. "The priest from back then... ha."

When Su Chan was still a god of fortune and disaster in the heavens, she had someone to assist her in the mortal realm. This was a form of cultivation, where she could cultivate herself by listening to divine music and reach a semi-godly state. This person should be familiar with the workings of the heavens and able to calculate the fate of the world. Moreover, they could listen to the music of the heavens, allowing her to give commands when she was too lazy to descend to the mortal realm, or to learn about the wishes of her believers through him.

She had a special priest back then who had helped her a lot. She even granted him immortality. The priest was indeed powerful, able to calculate the fate of all things in the heavens and the mortal realm. With the immortality she granted, he became a half-immortal. However, she knew that the priest's character was to take the world's suffering upon himself, and his divine nature clashed with hers. After she became a god of disaster and was punished by the heavens, she never heard from the priest again.

Su Chan thought absentmindedly. Perhaps the priest who became a god of disaster received a lot of criticism.

But now that she had fallen from grace as a god, the immortality she granted him was probably not lasting much longer.

These two lost deer carried the priest's aura.

It was said that the priest who cared for the world could indeed sense the aura of evil spirits and was sensitive to the aura of evil spirits related to the heavens. If there was no one around them, they could indeed suppress disaster.

But now that Gu Peijiu had taken the person away without a trace, where could she find them?

The fleeing people had disappeared without a trace, but Su Chan knew that rumors would spread like wildfire in just one day.

Thinking of Gu Peijiu, Su Chan's eyes flashed with cold light, and she tightened her grip on the reins.

She glanced at the two deer, her eyes flashing slightly.

Lost deer were always sensitive to the aura of evil spirits related to the heavens, and there was no second disaster like the current one.

If it was the lost deer, they might be able to find Xia Wushuang's whereabouts for real...
As expected, the news of Xia Wushuang being imprisoned by her own out-of-control puppet spread like wildfire the next day, causing a stir among the people.

People always like to hear a bit of scandalous news, and within a few days, the story of Baiyi Kugubu Gu Peijiu falling in love with her master had changed into several different versions being passed around by word of mouth. The incident of the evil ghost tide and the previous puppet soldier issue were instead pushed down.

When Xia Wushuang woke up, she was still a bit dazed.

She held onto a soft pillow and thought for a long time before remembering what had happened before.

Gu Peijiu came in carrying bird's nest soup, his voice gentle. "Awake?"

Xia Wushuang held onto her pillow, her voice muffled. "Mm."

She felt the barrier outside, it was very strong.

It was like sealing something.

Gu Peijiu sat down on the edge of the bed. "Come eat something."

Xia Wushuang hesitated. "I... don't have much of an appetite."

Gu Peijiu didn't say anything and just took a sip of soup himself. Then he leaned in and kissed Xia Wushuang's lips.

Xia Wushuang's eyes widened in surprise. The sudden move caught her off guard and she even forgot to resist, just standing there stunned.

The warm and sweet soup melted on her tongue, with a unique aroma between the lips and teeth of the person in front of her. Xia Wushuang even found that... she seemed to have lost all her ability to refuse.

Gu Peijiu finished the soup in one gulp, his voice slightly hoarse. "...Is it good?"

Xia Wushuang looked at Gu Peijiu's eyes in a daze and whispered, "It's good..."

...What did she see in his eyes?

Her shattered pride, lost glory, burden of guilt, the interweaving of light and darkness...

Warm tears slid down from her eyes.

This was the first time Gu Peijiu had seen Xia Wushuang cry.

Since she had been conscious.
Xia Wushuang, she has always been proud, unrestrained, and free-spirited. Occasionally, she can also be very gentle.

She likes to be willful and reckless, but all her willful and reckless actions are for another person.

She still remembers the first time she opened her eyes and saw her on the high female wall in the Cloud City.

She laughed recklessly, and her round toes on the wooden clogs seemed to be holding onto her heart, bit by bit, making her unable to let go.

She hugged her and awkwardly comforted her, "Shuangshuang... don't cry."

This was the first time she tried to call her name instead of her stiff master.

She didn't know how to comfort this person.

But she knew she had to hold her.

She would bear all the blame and burden for her, she was her Ajiu.

She would always be this person's Ajiu.

Never betray.

Xia Wushuang sobbed, not knowing who she was angry with, holding onto her and saying, "I...I don't regret it at all, I don't regret it at all..."

Gu Peijiu touched her hair and comforted her, "Hmm, no regrets."

It was better when no one comforted her, but when she was comforted, Xia Wushuang cried even harder. As she cried, she choked out, "Although I don't regret it..."

"I...I am really not a good person..."
