"The ashes on the sword are the divine bones of the departed god. Only by merging the divine soul with the dream can one inflict a fatal blow on the calamitous fate with a single sword strike, forcing it to retreat. 'What are you wiping on the sword, senior sister? Isn't that Ye Ze's sword?' Xia Ge curiously asked. Gu Peijiu glanced at her, paused for a moment, and said, 'I went to see Ye Ze after I woke up.' The Asking Love Sword is a necessary item to subdue calamitous fate. Secondly... it's the two urns of divine bones that Xia Ge buried with Dou Dou in Peach Blossom Valley over five hundred years ago. Xia Ge was stunned. Why did senior sister go to find Ye Ze after waking up? Just because of this sword? But... for some reason, Xia Ge suddenly thought of the scene in her dream - the joy of senior sister's arrival almost made her forget everything in her dream. Now she remembers it, and Xia Ge feels inexplicably eerie everywhere. The dream's golden thorns and magma that can harm the soul, the eerie and tempting white light, and senior sister who suddenly appeared and drove away the white light with this sword... as well as the things she saw before the white light appeared. The people who died tragically in the Hundred Ghosts Cave, and the woodcutter who was strangled by the neck. There were too many questions. Xia Ge's questions were in a series, and her eyes were full of doubts. 'Why did senior sister go to see Ye Ze? What is that thing in my dream? Why did senior sister suddenly come back?' Gu Peijiu looked at her, and Xia Ge only had doubts in her eyes, not suspicion. She believed her. Instinctively. Gu Peijiu felt a warm feeling in her heart. 'I went to find Ye Ze because of the Asking Love Sword. The white light in your dream is calamitous fate.' Xia Ge widened her eyes, 'Calamitous fate? What is it?' 'Hmm, calamitous fate,' Gu Peijiu said calmly, 'it's a kind of demon, and also a curse. Only the Asking Love Sword can harm it. If you were a step later, it would have devoured your soul.'"
Xia Ge felt a little scared but quickly reacted, "Huh? Why did it target me?"

Gu Peijiu looked at her with a complex expression.

Xia Ge asked, "Can't you say it?"

Gu Peijiu paused and changed the subject, "Ye Ze asked me to give you a message."

Xia Ge said, "I don't want to listen. I have nothing to say to him." She didn't know if she didn't want to hear Ye Ze's name or if she was frustrated that her senior sister wouldn't tell her why disaster had befallen her.

There must be a problem!

After thinking for a while, Xia Ge felt that the most likely reason was that she was too outstanding. After all, those supernatural beings in the book all liked powerful people. Look at the one who took possession of the body, it was obviously the strong one. Of course, if there was a difference in appearance, that was another matter.

She must be the good-looking one.

The system comforted her insincerely, "I guess it could be because it likes you, even if you're ugly. After all, the tastes of demons and monsters are quite difficult to predict, and there are many with weird tastes... Senior sister probably knows but can't say it. Look at what you've done, making it difficult for her."

Xia Ge said, "..." Go away, you're the ugly one.

Gu Peijiu paused and said, "I heard about what Ye Ze did and gave him a lesson for you."

Xia Ge asked viciously, "Did you beat him to death?"

Fifty percent of the reason why she was being treated like a pariah now was because of Ye Ze. She couldn't relieve her hatred without beating him up... What? You said he had a grudge against her? It was just right to beat him to death.

Gu Peijiu said, "Hmm. Tian Zhu Ling saw him and seemed very angry. She beat him up severely."

Tian Zhu Ling heard this and slipped out of Gu Peijiu's sleeve, proudly raising her head towards Xia Ge, as if to take credit.

... Well, when Gu Peijiu was unconscious in the Xing Xin Palace, Tian Zhu Ling witnessed Xia Ge being bullied the whole time.

Although she couldn't broadcast the live footage to Gu Peijiu, she definitely didn't hold back when beating Ye Ze.

Xia Ge reached out and touched her head, saying happily, "Well done!"

She said slowly, "He's also tough. He didn't fight back, as if he knew something."
Summer pouted, "What else does he know besides not being hungry after eating?"

Gu Peijiu glanced at Summer.

Summer looked back at her, feeling righteous.

Gu Peijiu's heart skipped a beat and thought, "How cute."

"He told me he stole the Azure Sky Shine from the Chang family," Gu Peijiu resisted the urge to kiss her and said.

Don't rush, they are all hers.

Summer was stunned at the news.

Why would he suddenly steal the Azure Sky Shine from the Chang family? Unless he really knows something...?

...It's normal to know something, after all, Ye Ze is not a wooden person. If he feels something is wrong, he will investigate and eventually find something.

No, the point is, how did he succeed?! Are the people in the Chang family made of clay? Can they steal whatever they want?

Summer rolled her eyes and thought that she should also go to their house to steal something and get rich.

She said in a depressed tone, "Can we stop talking about him? It's making me unhappy."

"Then he heard something at the Chang family..." Gu Peijiu paused in the middle of her sentence and looked at her.

Summer took the bait and eagerly asked, "What did he hear?"

Gu Peijiu had a look of "Don't you not want to hear it?" on her face.

Summer said, "..."

This person is waiting for her!

She's not so easy to give up, is she?!

But before Summer could retaliate, Gu Peijiu's beautiful eyes looked at her with a smile, and Summer immediately fell back on the bed, holding a pillow and rolling around, "I want to hear it, I want to hear it, I want to hear everything you say!"

Suddenly, Gu Peijiu said, "You are not Qin Shuang."
Xia Ge: "......"

Just finished rolling around, Xia Ge held a pillow behind her and was sweating profusely. "Yes, I'm not Qin Shuang. I'm Xia Wuyin, no, I'm Xia Ge... Anyway, senior sister, I want to eat sugar-coated haws. Let's talk about something else..."

How did they suddenly start talking about metaphysics?

Gu Peijiu looked at her. "Not listening anymore?"

Xia Ge: "......"

Her soul had been exposed as not being the original one, so pretending to be Qin Shuang was no longer an option.

Xia Ge said in frustration, "I didn't destroy their family... It has nothing to do with me. I don't have any memories from before... No, I..."

She couldn't bring herself to say that she wasn't the real Xia Ge. After all, possessing someone else's body was not something to be proud of.

Of course, being Qin Shuang was even worse. Xia Ge's possession was a bit shameless, but it wasn't as bad as massacring an entire family.

Besides, who wouldn't want to shine like gold in front of the person they liked and tell the whole world that they had found a piece of jade?

She decided to keep her mouth shut.

Gu Peijiu said, "I know."

Xia Ge asked, "How do you know everything... Do you know when I started liking you?"

This time, Gu Peijiu didn't say anything.

Xia Ge felt smug. "So, senior sister doesn't know everything after all."

Gu Peijiu said casually, "Ye Ze told me that Qin Shuang was tricked by the Chang family when he was young."

Xia Ge was unhappy. "Didn't you beat him up? How does he still have the energy to talk? Senior sister, you're too soft-hearted! You should have beaten him until he was half-paralyzed!"

System: "Being half-paralyzed doesn't affect one's ability to speak... Usually, it affects the lower half of the body."

Xia Ge realized that was true and said to Gu Peijiu, "If it were me, I would have punched him in the face until his upper body was paralyzed and his mouth was crooked!"
Forgot to mention, Gu Peijiu's gaze drifted away as she spoke: "... You are now plagued with misfortune because the former leader of the demonic cult, Qin Yue, had a close relationship with the head of the Chang family and often took Qin Shuang to the Chang family. The head of the Chang family used your birthday celebration as an excuse to send misfortune your way."

Xia Ge stared at Gu Peijiu's beautiful face and pretended to be angry: "How shameless can he be... no, didn't Qin Yue notice this malicious thing?"

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Wow, she looks so good, I want to kiss her."

System: "..."

Gu Peijiu said, "Misfortune is good at hiding in clothes, and can even blend in with them. What Qin Yue saw was just an ordinary harmless clothing spirit."

Xia Ge was shocked, "Right, Qin Yue's was an ordinary clothing spirit, but mine is an ancient clothing spirit. Can it also possess people? Has it evolved? No, can it still evolve?"

Gu Peijiu glanced at her and didn't say anything this time.

It won't evolve.

But meeting Xia Ge might change that.

After all, her soul is the source of misfortune, and the clothing spirit is derived from her soul. They are one and the same, so it's easy for it to possess her... no, it's not even possession because they are already one entity.

"Sister, you're ignoring me again." Xia Ge tugged at her clothes and said pitifully, "I'm scared, what will happen if it possesses me?"

What happens if it possesses her?

What did Qin Shuang do?

Before Gu Peijiu could answer, Xia Ge understood. Her eyes widened, "You mean..."

She remembered what Qin Yue had said to her in the pear garden.

In general, Qin Shuang was just a stupid little girl who planted a pear tree in the middle of the courtyard. Then, inexplicably, she became a brutal girl who took pleasure in killing servants or cutting off the fingers of secret guards for fun and killing their entire families... Qin Yue never figured out if this was a twisted human nature or a moral decline, and thought it was because she was corrupted by the demonic cult.

But even in the demonic cult, there were few people with a strange penchant for cutting off fingers... Xia Ge recalled her confused and troubled demeanor. If it weren't for the complexity and power of the demonic cult, Xia Ge estimated that this mother would have relocated like the mother of Mencius.

"Qin Yue once told me that Qin Shuang was just an ordinary girl, but because of misfortune, Qin Shuang's personality changed drastically, and she followed her mother to slaughter entire families." After analyzing it with Gu Peijiu, Xia Ge sighed, "With this thing in play, forget about relocating like the mother of Mencius, Qin Yue couldn't even keep the Fengyue Continent from becoming an ant nest."

System: "..."

Gu Peijiu was amused by Xia Ge's ant nest analogy and her eyes curved slightly, "Yes, you're right."

Xia Ge looked at her without blinking and didn't say anything.
When Gu Peijiu was about to say something, Xia Ge suddenly said, "Senior Sister."

Gu Peijiu looked at her.

Xia Ge widened her eyes and stretched her neck to carefully observe, "It seems like there's something stuck on your face, let me see, Senior Sister..."

Gu Peijiu didn't suspect anything and sat closer to Xia Ge.

Suddenly, Xia Ge quickly kissed her on the face.

Gu Peijiu's eyes widened.

Xia Ge tried to run away after taking advantage, but before she could pull away, she was pressed down and their lips met.

Their tongues intertwined, and their eyes met.

A sweet and cloying smell flowed on their tongues, and they didn't miss any corner.

"Mmm..."

Xia Ge was almost suffocated by the kiss and waved her hands to beg for mercy, "Mmm..."

Gu Peijiu finally let her go and pressed her forehead against hers, her voice low and with a hint of a smile, "What was stuck on my face? On your lips? Why couldn't I taste it?"

Xia Ge gasped for air and shamelessly said, "All the good-looking parts of your face are on my lips, how could you not taste it?"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

System: "..." Damn, she even praises herself for being good-looking while trying to seduce someone, never seen someone so shameless.

Xia Ge widened her innocent eyes and shamelessly said, "Don't believe me, Senior Sister, try it again?"

Gu Peijiu didn't say anything and lowered her head to kiss her again. Xia Ge mischievously pulled out the hairpin on her head, and her black hair flowed down like ink, accompanied by a lingering sandalwood fragrance.
