Kuzhu Village.

The gloomy village was filled with ghostly and bloody smells. Pushing open a thatched door, one could see bloodstains all over the place, the charcoal in the stove had burned out but still had residual heat, and the grayish color was stained with black bloodstains that had been burned dry. The lid of the pot was half-open, and the sweet potato porridge inside had formed a film. There were four pairs of chopsticks and dishes on the table, and some of the leftovers were still there, as was the sweet potato porridge in the bowls.

There were no signs of people, only a terrifying blood-red color.

It was as if a family was eating their meal and suddenly attacked, caught off guard.

"It's...too terrible," Li Liu sighed softly after seeing such a scene.

Chu Yao said, "You three go over there and search if there are any survivors in this village."

"Yes."

Ye Ze and Li Liu, led by Chang Nian, went to carry out the order.

Some disciples followed Zhi to other villages, while some followed Chu Yao to Kuzhu Village to look for traces of the evil ghost tide and see if there were any survivors.

After the three of them left, she raised her eyes and looked at Gu Peiju outside the house. She had not entered the house and was looking at a place not far away, her brows furrowed.

Chu Yao came out of the house and followed her gaze, only to see a blood-stained white flag hanging lazily in front of a family's door not far away, looking weak and powerless.

The family had a white strip pasted on their door, indicating that they were mourning.

Gu Peiju looked at it for a while and then withdrew her gaze. The disciples who went to search for people quickly returned and shook their heads at Chu Yao.

"You guys go outside the village and see if there are any who didn't make it back," Chu Yao said.

The three of them carried out the order.

"When they come back, let's go to other villages and wait for Zhi's people to join us," Chu Yao said, glancing at Gu Peiju.

Gu Peiju nodded, "You guys go, I'll wait here for a while."

"There's no one here anymore," Chu Yao paused, "What does Senior Sister want to do here?"

She was an alternate senior sister, while Gu Peiju was the formal senior sister, so she had to address her as such.

Gu Peiju took out a yellow talisman and said, "Soul-protecting."
"When the evil tide comes, the flesh and blood of the living will be consumed, and their souls will turn into evil spirits, following the tide." Chu Yao narrowed her eyes and said, "Is there a soul that Senior Sister needs to rest here?"

It sounded a bit provocative.

Gu Peijiu glanced at her and suddenly smiled slightly.

"It's just that the human soul is gone, and the clothes' soul is uneasy."

"Clothes' soul?"

Before Chu Yao could say anything, Gu Peijiu's voice fell, and the blood-stained white flag not far away suddenly moved! It leaped out of the mud, and with one becoming two and two becoming four, accompanied by a surge of resentment, countless blood-stained white flags rose into the sky, and when looked up, the white flags covered the entire withered bamboo village!

Chu Yao drew her sword. The sword was like a pool of autumn water. Her voice became cold, "Is it a clothes demon?"

The disciples who followed her also drew their swords, "What is that thing!?"

The white flags formed a formation in the sky, and then the white flags fell from the sky. Many disciples could not dodge and were suddenly pierced by the white flags!

"Ah-"

The disciples who were pierced by the white flags instantly stiffened. Then their eyes slowly turned red, and they held their swords and suddenly slashed towards their unsuspecting companions!

"Clang!"

Chu Yao caught the sword of the disciple with one hand, turned her hand and cut off the white flag, then kicked the person away, "Open your eyes and see! Who are you attacking!?"

The disciple who was kicked was dizzy and confused, "What happened to me?"

The white flag had a controlling effect on the mind!

"I'll go find the eye of the formation. You watch down here."

After Gu Peijiu finished speaking, she avoided the white flags, and the Tianzhu Ling spread out, wrapping up the disciples who were controlled by the white flags. She held a yellow talisman in one hand and dragged the Tianzhu Ling in the other, flying towards the white flag formation in mid-air!

However, there were many disciples who were controlled, and Chu Yao took care of the situation on the ground, cutting off the flags on the controlled disciples one by one. With a "tsk" sound, she threw the sword in her hand, "Disperse!"

The flying sword suddenly turned into a hundred, protecting Gu Peijiu and killing the blood-stained white flags that came up one after another. Gu Peijiu quickly rushed into the formation and soon saw the eye of the formation.

However, in the moment she saw the eye of the formation, the yellow talisman in her hand suddenly stiffened.

It should have been the eye of the white flag formation, but now it was a blood-stained white dress, shining brightly in the eye of the formation, with fluttering clothes and a fierce aura!
"It was the clothes demon that she had once defeated in the black market, bringing disaster! 

- You can't kill me. 

Gu Peijiu's pupils slightly contracted, and she threw the yellow talisman in her hand! 

The sharp yellow talisman pierced through the layers of white flags and rushed towards the white-clothed figure! However, the white-clothed figure just lightly shook her sleeves, and a black wind vortex emitting a powerful aura suddenly appeared, sucking in the yellow talisman without a trace! 

And with the movement of the disaster, the attack of the white flags beside her became even more fierce! Chu Yao's flying sword showed signs of struggling to hold on! 

Gu Peijiu's eyes turned cold, "Evil ghost tide, is this your doing?" 

The blood-stained white-clothed figure did not answer her, just waved her sleeves, and the small wind vortex suddenly expanded! The huge suction force came from inside, making it difficult to resist! 

Gu Peijiu released the Tianzhu Ling that bound her disciple below, and quickly wrapped it around a nearby paulownia tree, trying to pull herself back and resist the huge suction force of the cave! 

The cave was gloomy, with a terrifying ghostly aura emanating from it. Gu Peijiu held the Tianzhu Ling with one hand, and drew out a ghost-dispelling talisman from her sleeve with the other, letting the yellow talisman fly into the cave. 

The moment the yellow talisman flew into the cave, the ghostly aura dissipated, and a sense of divinity permeated the air. 

...Divinity?! 

The divine, pure aura, like the holy light and divinity of a heavenly god, could only be found in the dwelling place of true gods... 

Gu Peijiu felt uneasy in her heart. 

The wind vortex began to slowly expand, and the suction force became stronger and stronger! 

The flying sword on one side began to show signs of struggling, and Gu Peijiu glanced at Chu Yao below, taking out a scroll and whispering to her. 

"Take the disciples to the [Zhi] area!" 

This cave...there's something strange about it! 

Chu Yao had not yet come back to her senses when she felt a strong light shining down, and suddenly everything in front of her turned into a vast expanse of white. When she regained her senses, her sword was on the ground, and they were no longer in Kuzhu Village. 

They were in a deserted land, with no one in sight. Gu Peijiu seemed to have used a random long-range teleportation scroll. 

One of the disciples came back to her senses and asked cautiously, "Lord Chu, just now..."
Chu Yao picked up her sword and thought of the strange white clothes and wind cave she had seen before the white light appeared. She glanced at the disciples around her and frowned suddenly, "Where are Ye Ze, Chang Nian, and Li Liu?"

The disciple was startled by her sudden question and looked around, "Um... I think you asked them to go outside the village to see if there were any people, but they didn't come back with us."

Chu Yao clenched her sword suddenly and said, "You all go and fly your swords to the Li family village next to the withered bamboo village to find the people with the 'rank' character. I will go back to the withered bamboo village to bring people back!"

And she definitely couldn't leave alone without checking on Gu Peiju's situation!

However, the range of the random teleportation scroll was obviously too large. When Chu Yao arrived at the withered bamboo village, she saw a scene of devastation before her eyes. Her eyes widened suddenly, and she felt like she couldn't breathe for a moment -

The once-village was now just a deep pit.

It was as if the entire village had been uprooted and sucked into the pit!

And those people were all gone.

= =

Down the mountain was already a mess. When Xia Ge arrived, many disciples of the Sword Peak were fighting against the demonized puppets and the people of the demonic sect. There were also a few disciples of the Pill Peak helping to carry the elderly, weak, and women who couldn't fight up the mountain.

Xia Ge released her doll and mixed into the chaos, pretending to be a Pill Peak disciple helping out. In the confusion, she happened to meet Lu Qie.

"Hey, little junior sister is also here to help?" Lu Qie apparently didn't know about the spy yet and was helping an old man. When he saw her, he smiled.

"Um... Have you seen a junior sister who is like me?" Xia Ge said, suddenly pushing two people away and dodging back. "Be careful, senior brother!"

"Swoosh -"

An arrow flew towards where Lu Qie was originally standing, "clang" and shot into the wall, with a sinister ghostly aura surrounding the arrow. Xia Ge pulled out the arrow and opened her spiritual sense, feeling the eerie ghostly aura on the arrow. Lu Qie held the old man and saw the arrowhead, his face changed, "It's soul poison!"

Xia Ge was shocked, "This arrow has soul poison?"

Lu Qie said, "I didn't participate in the battle, so I don't know if their weapons are all poisoned with soul poison! Little junior sister, take your people and retreat quickly!"

Xia Ge observed the situation and found that they were almost overwhelmingly disadvantaged. Arrows were flying everywhere, and the disciples of the Sword Peak were also retreating. She couldn't help but ask, "Where is the senior brother of the Sword Peak?!"

Lu Qie said, "I don't know!"

That Mao Qing...

"Senior brother, you go first with the people, I'll go find someone!" Xia Ge said urgently.
The disciples of Jianfeng who were pursuing Xia Ge were also confused when they saw this situation. Xia Ge drew out her sickle and searched for people in each house during the chaos of the battle.

The attacking puppets were all C-level, so it was not a big deal. However, the soul poison was really scary. Later, there were too many attackers and Xia Ge couldn't dodge them all, so she simply used her soul-snatching technique to summon two puppets to protect her.

After searching around, Xia Ge finally found Mao Qing in the candy store.

She ordered the two puppets to guard the door while she went into the candy store. The boss had already run away, and only Mao Qing was standing there looking lost.

"What are you doing here? Hurry up and go up the mountain! It's too dangerous here!" Xia Ge said, relieved to see that Mao Qing was safe.

However, when she tried to take Mao Qing away, the cherry blossom candy in her hand spilled all over the ground.

Xia Ge: "...Did the Master tell you to come down the mountain to buy candy?!"

"Xia Wuyin," Mao Qing looked at her and suddenly smiled, "Your eyes are really beautiful."

Xia Ge instinctively covered her eyes, but then realized that something was off. She quickly put her hand down. The purple color in her eyes from the soul-snatching technique only lasted for three minutes. It had already been more than three minutes since she used it, so Mao Qing was probably just sincerely complimenting her eyes.

"Thank you," Xia Ge said, feeling a bit awkward. "Let's go quickly."

"One candy is not enough," Mao Qing didn't answer, nor did she leave. She just looked at Xia Ge and explained, "If you want more, just come back."

Xia Ge: "..." Did she really need to explain that?

"Once the demonic cult retreats, I'll buy you three pounds of candy, okay? Now let's go, little ancestor!" Xia Ge said. Wasn't Mao Qing the one who had bought three pounds of candy and hadn't given it away?

Mao Qing looked at the cherry blossom candy on the ground. "It fell."

Xia Ge felt like her brain had been kicked by a donkey. She quickly picked up the candy from the ground and stuffed it into Mao Qing's pocket. "Okay, it's not falling anymore."

Mao Qing innocently asked, "Why did you pick it up? I didn't pay for it."

Xia Ge: "..." You really are a little ancestor.

There were already demonic puppets attacking outside. The two puppets she controlled with the soul-snatching technique probably couldn't guard the door for long. She and the puppet master who controlled the demonic puppets were too busy controlling too many puppets, so they could only use a scattered attack. The two puppets she controlled were obedient, but they couldn't last for long.

As Xia Ge put a spiritual stone on the empty counter to "pay", Mao Qing asked, "Someone seems to be guarding outside. Are they your people?"

Xia Ge lied while opening her eyes, "Where would I find people to guard the door? It's a senior brother from Jianfeng who's helping. Hurry up and pick up the candy and pay. Can we leave now?"
Actually, it was her two puppets who were defending against the attack. 

Mao Qing looked at her and asked, "Aren't you afraid?" 

Xia Ge replied, "… Senior Brother from Jianfeng will protect us." 

"But I don't really believe in them," Mao Qing said, "I'm very scared." 

"If you protect me, then I won't be afraid," Xia Ge replied. 

"Mao Qing." 

Mao Qing looked at her. 

"I feel like you're acting strange today, like you're sick or something…" Xia Ge said, feeling a bit weird. If it were the old Mao Qing, she wouldn't have said such strange and creepy things to her. 

Of course, it could also be that she was scared by the demonic cult and felt that familiar people were more trustworthy. 

Xia Ge didn't really know what Mao Qing would do in this situation, but her intuition told her that Mao Qing shouldn't be like this. 

Mao Qing slightly averted her eyes, and a shadow flickered in her eyes under her long eyelashes. She whispered, "I just don't really like the people from Jianfeng." 

"Oh, I see," Xia Ge said casually, "Do you still want to become a celestial-level alchemist? I told you that you can do it." 

Mao Qing looked confused. "Celestial-level alchemist? No, I said I want to become an earth-level alchemist." 

…Is she really on her period? 

"Oh, my bad," Xia Ge said, "But if you don't believe in Senior Brother, then I'll protect you. Let's hurry up and leave." 

This time, Mao Qing didn't stand still. She murmured, "Okay." 

Xia Ge pulled her out of the candy shop and stood in front of Mao Qing as if nothing had happened, letting the two puppets clear the way for them. There was already a chaotic battle outside, and not far away, a blue-clothed young man was holding a sword, surrounded by disciples and exuding powerful spiritual energy as he defended against the attack. Xia Ge looked over and exclaimed in surprise, "It's Chang Lan! I'll send you over there later-" 

Suddenly, the sound of sharp arrows piercing through the air came from behind them. Xia Ge's gaze turned cold, and she was about to pull Mao Qing's hand to dodge when Mao Qing, who had always been obedient, unexpectedly didn't move. Instead, she reached out from behind and hugged Xia Ge, whispering softly, "I'll protect you too… I guess." 

"You…" 

"Chirp-"
The sound of the arrow piercing through flesh was terrifying and eerie.

Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted. She stiffly turned her head to see a young girl holding onto her neck, her head resting on Xia Ge's shoulder. Her lips were turning purple, and a feathered arrow had pierced through her left abdomen, causing a gory red blood to spill out, which was quite frightening.

"Mao Qing!!!"

The arrow was poisoned!
