On one side, Xiage and Suchan were pulling and tugging in the cave, while on the other side, the competition in Jianfeng was starting in full swing.

The training ground in Jianfeng was very large, with three platforms each in the east, west, and north, each with tables and seats. The top position on the northern platform was held by Jianfeng's senior disciple, Chang Lan.

On the easternmost platform were disciples from Danfeng who came to watch the competition, while the western platform was reserved for spectators from Beast Peak.

Chu Yao wore a dark blue sword robe as a backup senior disciple. Her soft black hair was tied up with a water blue hairband, and she held a sword as she sat to the left of Chang Lan. Her light brown pupils reflected an inexplicable radiance as she looked down at the outer disciples wearing hemp clothes and blue hairbands.

Xiaoqing stood respectfully by her side.

Xiaoqing wasn't sure if it was just her imagination, but she felt that her mistress seemed to be in a very good mood today.

"Alright, let's begin the roll call!" 

Before the competition officially began, the rules of Lingxi Peak dictated that the roster be read three times. Any disciples who arrived before the last reading would continue to compete, while those absent would be considered forfeit.

A disciple from Jianfeng read the roster, dressed in a blue robe with a white collar, his posture straight and his expression serious.

"Number one, Huo Yuan!"

"Present!" A deep male voice rang out.

"Number two, Kong Yu!"

"Present!"

There were many disciples participating in the competition this time, and Xiaoqing was getting a little impatient listening to the roll call. She glanced at her mistress and saw that she had no expression on her face, but seemed to be listening attentively.

Xiaoqing was a little confused.

...Is Miss looking for someone?

Just as she was thinking this, she suddenly heard a voice.

"Number 79, Xia Wei!"
"Next!"

Xiaoqing saw a glimmer of light in Chu Yao's eyes when she heard the name "Xia," but as soon as she heard the full name, the light quickly faded and her expressionless face showed a hint of annoyance.

...So, the other party's surname is Xia?

Xiaoqing secretly pondered in her heart. Miss had mentioned it yesterday...

There were over three hundred disciples, and three of them had the surname Xia.

But...obviously, none of them were the person Miss was thinking of.

"Number 373, Li Liu!"

"Here!"

"Okay, three absences! 370 have arrived! We'll call again in half an hour!" After finishing reading the roster, the disciple of Jianfeng announced and was about to close the roster when he suddenly heard someone's indifferent voice behind him, "Is everyone accounted for? Not a single one missing?"

The disciple who read the roster turned around and found that it was Chu Yao. He immediately respectfully replied, "Yes, we have accounted for everyone, Senior Chu."

There was a slightly cold smile on Chu Yao's lips. "Oh, I see."

Xiaoqing felt that the pressure around her Miss was a bit off, and she cautiously asked, "Miss, are you..."

Chu Yao stood up, her wide sleeves embroidered with exquisite blue patterns, drawing a cold arc in the air, and her face showed no expression. "I'm going back."

Chang Lan was surprised and stood up. "Xiao Chu, the competition hasn't started yet. Why are you leaving?"

"It's nothing." Chu Yao turned her head and glanced at Chang Lan, her light brown pupils carrying a distant light. "Senior Brother Chang, I don't like it when people call me that. You can call me Junior Sister Chu."

Chang Lan rubbed his nose and smiled helplessly. "Oh, Junior Sister Chu."

"Thank you, Senior Brother Chang." Chu Yao finished speaking, turned around and left, decisive and neat.

Xiaoqing hurriedly caught up. "Miss, Miss... Are you just leaving like this? What about... the young master of the Chang family?"

Chu Yao's mood was bad, and she snorted coldly. "Even the entrance exam needs someone to take care of him. Jianfeng is better off not accepting such trash."

Xiaoqing felt that it was pointless to continue speaking when she saw that her Miss's face was getting worse, so she wisely closed her mouth.
After a while, Xiaoqing cautiously asked, "Miss, who are you here to see today?"

Not mentioning it would have been better, but as soon as it was brought up, Chu Yao felt that her good mood for the day had been completely ruined.

No, she had never been in a good mood today.

It had never been good.

"Here to see a shorty." Pausing for a moment, the girl holding the sword spoke with a sinister tone, her finger bones creaking. "Oh, and a liar."

Xiaoqing: "..." You came to see two people?

...Who had the guts to deceive the young miss of the Chu family?

But... judging by the way the young miss had been in such a good mood early this morning, it seemed like the other party had said something that really fooled her.

Feeling the oppressive aura emanating from her young miss, Xiaoqing wisely kept her mouth shut.

Chu Yao ignored Xiaoqing and suddenly stopped walking.

Xiaoqing was taken aback and was about to speak, but she heard her young miss's voice, which was faintly cold.

"He's not a disciple of the Sword Peak, but he must belong to a sect."

Xiaoqing looked puzzled.

"Xiaoqing." Chu Yao's lips curved into a cold smile. "I want to go to the Dan Peak tomorrow to see their entry-level competition."

Xiaoqing's face immediately turned ugly. "Miss... Dan Peak is full of poor people. You come from a noble background, how can you..."

Chu Yao just gave her a glance, and a cold light flickered in her shallow brown pupils, making people tremble.

Xiaoqing immediately lowered her head. "Yes."

"Xiaoqing." Chu Yao's voice was indifferent. "Don't become the type of person I hate the most."

Xiaoqing trembled slightly and forced out a reply, "Yes."
"Go tell Danfeng over there," she said.

"Okay."

= = 

Qinling.

"Rest," Su Chan coaxed her. "You won't feel the pain once you sleep."

Xia Ge wanted to pinch the teleportation stone. She didn't really trust Su Chan.

"Don't worry."

"Xia Xia saved me twice," Su Chan smiled. "As a person who repays kindness, I will help you three times, okay?"

Xia Ge: "..."

Don't even mention the fact that she saved you twice. Please, just stop.

Her face is gone, can't you at least leave her some dignity?!

Xia Ge had no expression. "You're amazing, you don't need me to save you."

She remembered how this guy pretended to be a weak and gentle beauty, deliberately getting caught by Black Vine and smiling at her as she tried her best to save him. Xia Ge felt a burst of anger that she couldn't shake off.

"But seeing Xia Xia work so hard for me, I was really moved," Su Chan slowly bent down to look at her, her red clothes swaying, a shallow smile in her eyes. "Can Xia Xia work so hard for every stranger?"

Xia Ge: "This is the social responsibility that everyone should have. Thank you."

The system that was pretending to be dead began to doubt its own common sense. "...Isn't social responsibility about throwing garbage into the trash can...or something like that?"

Xia Ge: {You're right. As a socially responsible person, I'm going to throw you into the trash can right now. From now on, don't talk to me. We are no longer friends. Goodbye, garbage.}

System: "..."

"I don't understand," Su Chan smiled. "Xia Xia always likes to say things I don't understand. It's not fun."

Xia Ge: "Then I'll say something you can understand. When can I leave?"

"Xia Xia is boring again," Su Chan casually waved her sleeve, but she saw a dense golden thread-like light shining on the broken red sleeve corner of the other party. Xia Ge slightly widened her eyes, feeling something in her sleeve move. Then, the small piece of red cloth that she had put in her sleeve floated out. The red cloth also shone with the light of the golden thread, as if it had been summoned, it floated to the place where the corner was missing. The red light flashed, and the golden thread entangled, and soon the broken place returned to its original state, without any signs of damage or repair.
"What is this? It looks amazing..."

The system, who was afraid to speak due to Xia Ge's scolding, spoke up in an attempt to salvage their broken friendship: "Host, that's the Yimei qaq."

Xia Ge: "{Oh.}"

The system said, "Host, you can use me to verify it." It's not useless garbage, the host's words were too much!

"Chunqiu told me that it thinks you're great," Su Chan smiled slightly. "It's rare for someone to be recognized by it, Xia Xia."

Chunqiu? This... bridal gown?

"...I don't really want to be recognized by your bridal gown," Xia Ge remembered how this person pretended to be weak before and felt a surge of anger rising in her throat.

"Bridal gown? Xia Xia thinks it's a bridal gown?" Su Chan was slightly surprised, then laughed, her eyes showing a bit of coquettishness, but her deep black pupils also had a hint of arrogance. "In this world, no one is qualified to make me wear Chunqiu as a bridal gown."

But didn't you just say that it was a bridal gown? It was true after all.

So, she really didn't tell the truth earlier.

Xia Ge insincerely said, "Oh, really? That's amazing. Too bad, 666."

The system asked, "...What is 666?"

"But maybe if Xia Xia tries hard enough, that day might come," Su Chan's smile had a hint of malice in her eyes. She leaned down, the golden hairpin on her forehead shining in the light. Her voice was gentle, like orchids, and she exhaled softly. "I, I really like people who can make me feel safe..."

Xia Ge: "..."

She really didn't want that day to come.

It's too scary.

The system checked the time and hesitantly interrupted, "Host, are you still participating in the competition?"

Why wouldn't she participate?

The competition doesn't start until tomorrow, so there's still hope, right?

Xia Ge held the teleportation stone and tried to move, feeling the numbness gradually fading away, but the pain in her abdomen began to intensify.

...This doesn't look good.
"Xia Xia, the teleportation stone in your hand, although it can take you out..." Su Chan saw her movements and spoke softly, "but I can't guarantee where you will end up. As far as I know, your ancestors always like to play outside the box."

Thinking of her own family's embarrassing ancestral motto, Xia Ge felt that Su Chan's words made sense. The Lingxi Old Ancestor was indeed a bit...unconventional.

But the main point now is-

Why does she get noticed just by moving a little?

Does this person have eyes all over her body?! It's really scary, damn it!

"So, be a good girl and stay here, don't move." The girl in red stood up, touched Xia Ge's small head, and chuckled softly. "If you move, it will hurt."

Xia Ge didn't say anything, didn't move anymore, didn't even flinch when being touched, and didn't think about using the teleportation stone again.

Mainly because the other party's identity is a bit scary.

Seeing that Xia Ge was obedient, Su Chan didn't intend to pursue it. Compared to teasing a girl disguised as a man from Lingxi Peak, she had more important things to do. She gently placed Xia Ge on the side, let her lean against the stone wall, and walked to the small pedestal carved from Liuli wood.

Xia Ge leaned against the stone wall, watching Su Chan's movements, her eyes flickering. "...Hey."

{Spring and Autumn}.

She didn't remember it just now, but now...she seems to have remembered something important.

-"Among the ancient clothes demons in the world, besides the current Demon Sect Master's [Blood-Stained Spring and Autumn] and the Chu family's [Chu Dao Ji Ling], it's really hard to find a third set..." 

The only clothes demon worthy of the name [Spring and Autumn], as far as she knows, is only one.

The Demon Sect Master's, the ancient clothes demon, [Blood-Stained Spring and Autumn].

Spring and Autumn? Is it fake? A knockoff? Is the Demon Sect producing these clothes in bulk? The boss is called [Blood-Stained Spring and Autumn], and the fake one is called [Spring and Autumn] like this?

◇
