Translation:

Xia Wushuang murmured, "The demon tide started because of me, and my puppets killed innocent people indiscriminately...there must be a beginning and an end."

Su Chan withdrew his thoughts and looked at Xia Wushuang in front of him, with shimmering waves in her beautiful eyes.

Since that time, Xia Wushuang's emotions have been low, and she hasn't spoken again. She climbed to the top of Wuyi Mountain, and soon, melodious flute music floated from Wuyi Mountain.

With the sound of the flute, countless evil spirits came forward. Once they entered the barrier that Xia Wushuang had drawn before, they would sink into the bottom of the mountain and fall into a deep sleep in the melodious chanting.

After one song ended, another began.

In this way, it continued for several days, several months, and several years.

Su Chan leaped lightly to the mountaintop and found Xia Wushuang in plain white clothes. "Is it over?"

Xia Wushuang's voice was muffled, "Almost."

Su Chan asked softly, "What's still missing?"

"..."

What was missing?

Too much was missing.

Xia Wushuang looked at her pale hands, "Maybe it's my life that's missing."

After several years of living on the mountain, accompanying the songs and calming the evil spirits, Xia Wushuang's temperament became even more ethereal, as if she could disappear with the wind at any time.

Su Chan walked to her side, her red clothes fluttering. "Stop talking nonsense."

Xia Wushuang smiled faintly, but didn't say anything.

Although she spoke little, Su Chan wasn't stupid. She could see Xia Wushuang's longing and confusion for that person in her eyes.

Su Chan thought for a moment and finally said, "A few years ago...she didn't kill innocent people indiscriminately."

It was all an illusion.

Xia Wushuang exclaimed, "I know."

Su Chan was slightly taken aback.
Xia Wushuang lowered her eyelashes slightly. "It's been several years."

Su Chan sat down and made a sound of agreement.

It had been several years since they went to appease the evil spirits on the Evil Spirit Mountain and left that person behind.

"It's fine like this," Xia Wushuang murmured. "Looking back now, she probably used an illusion on me at the time..."

Su Chan's heart skipped a beat and she subconsciously looked at the Lost Deer not far away. "Since you know it was an illusion, why not go find her?"

Xia Wushuang probably guessed that it was an illusion back then, but still didn't know why Gu Peijiu did it...in other words, she still didn't know about the disaster that was to come.

Thinking about this, Su Chan felt slightly relieved.

She didn't think that killing someone with disaster was a big deal, she was just afraid that Xia Wushuang would feel sad after thinking about it.

She had a heart of stone towards everyone, but couldn't bear to see this person sad.

Xia Wushuang shook her head, her voice low. "She imprisoned me back then, just to prevent me from knowing about the evil spirit tide and puppet soldiers...later, she kept me locked up to keep me away from the world...I know her intentions."

Su Chan looked at her.

"But I can't avoid it like this..." Xia Wushuang looked at the Evil Spirit Mountain below her feet. "The evil spirit tide started because of me, and it must end because of me. If I just keep hiding...what's the point?"

Su Chan was speechless.

Evil Spirit Mountain.

Xia Wushuang, who didn't know she had disaster, wanted to establish the Evil Spirit Mountain to atone for her sins. Gu Peijiu, who knew that the evil spirit tide was related to Xia Wushuang, just wanted Xia Wushuang to have less guilt.

So it ended up like this.

But...

Gu Peijiu should have known that Xia Wushuang had the idea of leaving one day, and that the massacre of Chang'an would happen sooner or later.

Even if it was caused by the rebels this time.

But no one could guarantee what would happen next.

So in the end, Gu Peijiu let go in that way.
She only lost because she didn't know what Xia Wushuang wanted to do.

"I can't find her," Xia Wushuang hugged her knees, "I owe her too much... I said those things before, and besides... she's so capable, she'll do better without me."

So, where is she now?

Xia Wushuang wondered.

Su Chan looked at the endless mountains in front of her and changed the subject softly: "Is the Evil Spirit Mountain useful?"

"It's useful now... but I don't know how long it will last," Xia Wushuang shook her head, "I can't just sit and do nothing."

Su Chan smiled slightly and said, "If someone destroys it one day..."

Xia Wushuang looked at her and said, "...A Chan."

Su Chan paused for a moment and looked at her.

Xia Wushuang said, "I don't know how long I can live... but I probably won't live longer than you."

Su Chan said, "When I return to the god's position, we can live forever together."

"I don't want to live forever," Xia Wushuang said, "It's too tiring to live. I've lived enough."

Su Chan laughed at her and said, "What a silly thing to say."

Xia Wushuang didn't say anything, she took Su Chan's hand and put her forehead on the back of Su Chan's hand.

This is the most respectful gesture that believers show to their gods in the Fengyue Continent.

With her warm forehead against the back of Su Chan's hand, Su Chan's heart trembled for a moment.

Ordinary believers rarely see the gods, and they usually make this gesture to the high priest, conveying their respect and wishes through the priest.

Therefore, under this gesture, Su Chan could hear Xia Wushuang's inner voice.

Xia Wushuang murmured, "So, A Chan, can you fulfill my wish?"

Su Chan paused slightly, withdrew her hand and said, "I'm no longer a god."
Xia Wushuang's pale face showed a slight smile, "I remember before Achuan said that he wanted to be my personal god of fortune."

The tone was joking, as if nothing had happened a long time ago.

Su Chan said, "I thought you had forgotten."

"Never forgotten." Xia Wushuang looked at the vast mountain range, "Achuan has always been a god in my heart."

"Just at that time, I always hoped that Achuan wouldn't just watch me alone..." Xia Wushuang smiled, "The gods love the people, and the people can believe in the gods."

Su Chan rolled her eyes, "I don't want you to teach me this."

"So," Xia Wushuang said, "I can only believe in the god of fortune because the god of fortune loves me."

Su Chan suddenly widened her eyes.

When Xia Wushuang said this, she wasn't looking at her, but was looking at the mountain range. "...Achuan has always been the god of fortune in my heart."

Su Chan clenched her fists tightly.

She was not... ignorant of everything.

She had long known that she was not ignorant of everything...

After a long time, Su Chan heard herself say.

"You are my believer."

"...I will certainly fulfill your wishes for you."

"You believe in me for one day."

"Evil Spirit Mountain will stand firm on this continent for one day."

Xia Wushuang said, "What if I am not here?"

"There won't be that day."

Xia Wushuang smiled without saying a word.

After a while, Su Chan said again, "...As long as you believe in me in my heart, I will protect it for you."
"That's great," Xia Wushuang smiled, "I'll leave the Evil Spirit Mountain to you, Achan."

She paused and said, "These years... I want to stay here alone."

Su Chan frowned slightly and asked, "Why do you want to stay here alone?"

Xia Wushuang said, "...I have some very important things to do."

Su Chan seemed to understand and said after a while, "I'll wait for you outside."

Xia Wushuang said, "What is there for you to wait for... do what you like to do."

Su Chan stared at her and said, "...I have nothing I like to do except waiting for you."

Xia Wushuang and she looked at each other.

After a while, Xia Wushuang turned her gaze away and said helplessly, "...what's worth waiting for in me."

Anywhere is worth it, Su Chan thought.

She just didn't say it because Xia Wushuang seemed a little down.

It has been a long time since the rebellion in Chang'an.

"Do you have anything else you want to do?" she asked.

Xia Wushuang shook her head and said, "...I don't have anything else I want to do except stay here."

"What about puppetry?" Su Chan asked.

As soon as Su Chan finished speaking, she felt that she had said something wrong, but she still asked.

Puppetry?

Her proud puppetry has brought unbearable disasters to people, and it cannot change anything else.

It seems meaningless now.
Xia Wushuang said, "Stop it."

She lowered her head, "The thing I regret the most about coming here... is becoming a puppet master."

"If there is a next life..." Xia Wushuang paused, wanting to say something but couldn't bring herself to say it.

It's difficult to make someone deny all their achievements.

"Puppetry isn't necessarily wrong," Su Chan said, "Maybe you just used the wrong method."

It was surprising to hear these words from Su Chan, who was always proud and arrogant.

Xia Wushuang didn't deny it either. She smiled self-deprecatingly, "But... I don't have any energy left to prove anything anymore."

Su Chan said, "I'll prove it for you."

Xia Wushuang shook her head, "Puppetry isn't a good thing."

Su Chan said, "Neither am I."

Xia Wushuang laughed, "That's you being too modest."

"..."

Su Chan gently reached out and covered Xia Wushuang's somewhat dull eyes.

"...I'm not being too modest."

Su Chan's voice was soft, "I'm not good at all, you just don't know it."

The hand covering her eyes was warm and fragrant.

Xia Wushuang asked in confusion, "Achan? Who said you're not good?"

Apart from the cold war with Ajiu and the later quarrels, Xia Wushuang really couldn't remember where Su Chan wasn't good.

Su Chan thought to herself.

...You don't know, and I don't want you to know.

But occasionally, I still greedily think, how good it would be if you knew everything and still liked me.
Su Chan didn't answer her question, just whispered, "...but I will keep waiting for you to come out when you figure it out."

"You have to remember, I'm here waiting for that day."

The cold wind was blowing on the mountaintop.

Su Chan left.

Xia Wushuang sat alone on the mountaintop, vaguely hearing the howling of evil spirits. She murmured, "...why bother."

Why bother?

Who knows why.

Xia Wushuang heard the voice of the system.

"Are you giving up?"

She replied with a low "um", "I guess I'm giving up."

"...you have to know that the present you is already dead under the wheels. If you really give up the puppeteer, you will disappear without a trace."

Xia Wushuang listened to the breathing of the evil spirits.

She still had some things to do.

"...then I'll wait a few more years."

The system whispered, "Don't give up, host, I can't bear to lose you."

After a pause, it said softly, "It's really hard to find another host as silly as you."

Xia Wushuang was speechless for a while and said, "...you have followed me for so long, you really have it tough."

◇
