When he was being strangled by the demonized puppet, Ye Ze felt ashamed of himself for having such despicable thoughts about using someone else's life to indulge his own fear of death, all in the name of revenge, especially as the eldest son of the Ye family. He felt embarrassed that he appeared taller and older than Xia Wu Yin, yet it was Xia who had to save him.

He tossed and turned all night, unable to forget the image of the ragged boy with the suddenly bright eyes who had once said to him, "Say you believe me." Even though Xia was also afraid at the time, Ye Ze could not see any fear in his eyes, only the courage to win or die.

It was as if Xia was a blazing sun, shining so brightly that it made people dizzy. Before dawn, when the darkness still shrouded the world, Ye Ze quietly went to see the little boy who was sleeping soundly under the willow tree. He thought...
At that time, he was really handsome with his effeminate voice, just like the young heroes of the Ye family in his mother's stories. But since the day the puppet master was paraded through the streets, Ye Ze noticed that Xia Wuyin, who had always followed him and smiled all day, was no longer around. Not that she disappeared, but she no longer stuck to him like a piece of candy, and was silent when begging, with fewer things to beg for. She seemed to be thinking about something and looked a little melancholy. In the past, Ye Ze found her troublesome when she stuck to him like a piece of candy, and avoided her like a snake. But when she ignored him, he felt uneasy and a little worried. The night was foggy, and everyone in the temple was asleep. Ye Ze walked up to Xia Wuyin and broke open the plum cakes he had hidden, giving them to Xia Ge, who was sitting under the willow tree, lost in thought. "Here you go." The plum cakes were very fragrant. Xia Ge was stunned, looked up at Ye Ze, paused for a moment, and took them. The golden thigh was actually trying to please her? How strange. The young boy sat next to her, his voice a little awkward. "... What's wrong with you these days?" Xia Ge thought, what else could it be? She had already firmly and decisively rejected the system's promotion suggestion for the puppet master, and established the legitimate ideal of being a free and easy beggar in the world. As long as she didn't hold onto a golden thigh like him, her future would be brilliant in the beggar business. But she didn't know if the system approved of her lofty ideals, and only said with certainty, "You will definitely become a puppet master." She was very unhappy with the system's affirmative tone.
So she had no good feelings towards the golden thigh that the system had assigned to help her.

The little beggar just needed to eat enough every day, she didn't need to cling onto anyone's thigh. Upon further thought, this puppet system was designed to assist the male lead, so clinging onto his thigh would only lead her down a path of self-destruction.

She decided not to cling onto anyone's thigh and just be happy.

The male lead had a halo around him, he was the chosen one, destined not to die. She, on the other hand, had nothing and was nothing. Becoming a puppet master might just be a death sentence for her.

Wasn't it better to just live?

After a long silence, Ye Ze hesitated and asked, "Were you unhappy yesterday?"

Ha, the golden thigh actually cared about the struggles of a cannon fodder. No wonder there were thousands of beauties in his harem and countless underlings clinging onto his thigh.

Xia Ge smiled and said, "No, I wasn't."

Ye Ze hesitated for a moment before saying in a low voice, "When I came back yesterday, I heard the old beggar say...the puppet master ran away."

He seemed to be struggling with something before finally saying, "I...I also think that the puppet master is quite pitiful."

He was agreeing with what Xia Ge had said yesterday.

- He was lying.

Couldn't he be more sincere when he was saying something that went against his heart? His forced expression was heart-wrenching.

Xia Ge thought.

She then heard Ye Ze say cautiously, "So, Your Majesty... Xia Wuyin, don't be unhappy."

Ye Ze silently changed "Your Majesty" to Xia Ge's name.

Xia Ge couldn't describe how she felt.

It was complicated.

After a while, she took a bite of the plum blossom cake and smiled, "I didn't say I was unhappy."

Ye Ze shook his head, "But you're not with me anymore."

Xia Ge replied, "...I thought you would be happy if I wasn't with you."
In the past, I might have been really happy...

Ye Ze fell into a weird silence for a moment, then took a bite of the plum cake and casually changed the topic, "Xia Wuyin, do you know your birthday?"

Xia Ge: "Birthday? I don't know."

Ye Ze thought for a moment, "Is there any special day you can celebrate as your birthday?"

Most beggars are abandoned, but some people do care about their birthday and choose a suitable day to celebrate it.

Xia Ge: "Special day? Let me think... If I have to say, May 1st."

Labor Day, labor is glorious!

And it's also her modern birthday.

May 1st here seems to be calculated by the lunar calendar, but anyway, no one celebrates her birthday, so it doesn't matter whether it's lunar or solar.

Ye Ze: "How old are you?"

Xia Ge: "I don't know."

Ye Ze affirmed, "I'm nine... I'm taller than you, so I must be older than you."

What kind of logic is that? How can you expect a dwarf to think like that?

Xia Ge also affirmed, "I'm twenty-three."

Ye Ze: "You're just bluffing."

Xia Ge: "... Okay."

The system suddenly spoke up, "Eight years old."

Xia Ge was stunned.

The system repeated, "Eight years old, this body."

So Ye Ze is indeed older than her at nine years old.

Xia Ge was thinking about this.
"Xia Wuyin..."

Suddenly, Ye Ze's voice was heard softly, a little low.

Xia Ge looked up at him.

The boy slightly avoided her gaze and whispered, "Since I am older than you... can you call me... elder brother?"

"...Pfft."

Xia Ge couldn't help but burst out laughing under the boy's nervous gaze.

Although it was a fact that he was much taller than her now, asking a 23-year-old maiden to call a 9-year-old child elder brother...

Xia Ge imagined herself in modern times, standing at 1.7 meters tall and wearing high heels, and calling the present Ye Ze her brother or elder brother with a serious face...

"Ye Ze, you actually want to be my elder brother hahaha..."

It was a bit hard to imagine, but it was unexpectedly funny.

Ye Ze: "..."

Ye Ze was silent for a moment.

"...Is it really that funny?" he asked.

Xia Ge stopped laughing, shook her head seriously and said, "It's not funny."

"If it's not funny, then don't laugh!"

Ye Ze stood up, threw away the plum blossom cake in his hand, and walked away with his head turned.

A sudden burst of anger.

Xia Ge pinched the red osmanthus cake, raised her eyebrows slightly and said, "Hey, he's angry."

System: "You did it on purpose."

Xia Ge asked seriously in doubt, "Did I? Isn't it funny? I think it's pretty funny."
System: "..." You're definitely doing this on purpose.

Xia Ge raised an eyebrow, looked at the night sky, and closed her eyes to rest.

However, she didn't rest for long before she heard footsteps. Out of alertness, she glanced up and saw a shadow slowly walking towards a small grove not far from the dilapidated temple.

Xia Ge didn't think much of it, assuming it was one of the beggar gang's disciples who couldn't sleep at night and went to the woods to get some fresh air. She was about to look away when her heart skipped a beat.

This guy...looks a bit strange when he walks.

Injured?

Walking with a limp...

Xia Ge thought for a moment, stood up, and followed him.

It seemed that the man was really injured.

Using her Ghostly Shadow Stealth technique, Xia Ge concealed her presence completely, and the man, because of his injuries, was unaware of her presence as she followed him deep into the small grove.

Moonlight filtered through the leaves of the trees, and Xia Ge saw the man's face.

Her pupils shrank slightly.

It was the puppeteer called Alan from yesterday! Wasn't he burned at the stake yesterday?

Ye Ze's words echoed in her ears.

"I heard from the old beggar that the puppeteer escaped."

So he really did escape...what is he doing here?

Soon, Xia Ge found the answer.

Under the sparse moonlight, an old man fanning himself slowly emerged from the shadows of the deep forest.

Xia Ge held her breath.

It was...the old butler?

"Long time no see, old butler."
Lan's voice was cold, "Chang's family has been looking for you for so many years, and I never expected you to be hiding here."

"I'm old, I just want to find a place to settle down." The old beggar paused, "I never thought I would meet you here."

Xia Ge was extremely shocked to hear this.

From their conversation, the old beggar was the old butler of Chang's family, and Lan... or Chang Lan, was the sister of the current head of Chang's family.

The fact that they had a relationship was something Xia Ge never expected.

From what she heard, the old butler was being hunted down by Chang's family because he knew something three years ago. He ended up hiding in this small town as a beggar.

Chang Lan was humiliated by Chang's family after being discovered practicing puppetry, and was eventually exiled under the pretext of travelling. She coincidentally met Cui Zhu during the Qiqiao Festival...

Xia Ge knew that although Chang's family was a prestigious family in the book, the characters in it were cannon fodder who got beaten up on the male lead's growth path.

It seemed that they were involved in some internal conflicts within Chang's family?

The two talked for a while, and the old beggar said, "So many years have passed, and you have grown up. Your brother..."

He paused, hesitated to speak.

"A few years ago, I heard that my brother had some entanglement with the leader of the demonic cult, Qin Yue," Chang Lan was not avoiding the topic, her voice was indifferent and faintly sarcastic, "I heard that he even had a daughter. My brother is a passionate man."

Chang Lan's brother was the head of Chang's family, so what she said was... the head of Chang's family and the leader of the demonic cult?

Xia Ge: "..."

The book didn't write it like this! Is she making it up?

The old beggar smiled, "Then you must have also heard that three years ago, Qin Yue was surrounded and killed in the Baiyue Valley with his daughter. He fought his way out and hid his daughter, but he was also thrown into the Jianfeng Mountain Prison..."

"I know about this. She could have escaped with her daughter," Chang Lan said.

"Don't believe everything you hear, I just want to catch up with my brother."

Chang Lan sneered, "What a foolish woman."
The scattered conversation sounded like idle gossip, but it was actually exchanging rumors about the scandals of the head of the Chang family.

Xia Ge was silently organizing the information in the background.

In essence, the passionate head of the Chang family had hired the Demon Sect's leader, Qin Yue, and she gave birth to his daughter. He then used the naive Demon Sect leader for some purpose and, after the deed was done, he used the pretext of a date to lure her to the White Moon Valley...

It was supposed to be a beautiful evening under the moon and willow trees, but instead, Qin Yue, who was full of anticipation with her daughter in tow, didn't wait for her lover. Instead, she was met with an ambush by righteous people. The Demon Sect leader, who was trapped by love, refused to believe that she was betrayed by her lover under the moonlight. She fought her way out with her daughter and hid her daughter before going to confront the head of the Chang family...

She was captured on the spot.

In the face of Qin Yue's accusations, Ah Lan's heartless brother said, "She's truly a demon sect witch, unchanging in her wicked ways, spouting nonsense."

She gave birth to his daughter, but in return, she received only baseless accusations.

It was truly a tragic scene, particularly heart-wrenching.

Xia Ge couldn't help but sigh in amazement.

Men, they're all big fools.

From Ah Lan's words, it was apparent that Qin Yue was a former high priestess who was responsible for divination before she became the leader of the Demon Sect. Although she was cruel and ruthless, she was also completely obsessed with divination and the Way, and had a kind of unique innocence.

In other words, she was foolish.

"The Chang family should still be looking for Qin Yue's daughter," Ah Lan said. "Qin Yue was originally the high priestess of the Demon Sect. She was born with strong spiritual power, and her spiritual power is passed down through daughters and not sons. Moreover, as the inheritance continues, her daughter's spiritual power will only surpass hers. If they don't eliminate her, she will become a problem for my brother in ten years."

However, the old butler shook his head. "No, they're not."

"Oh?" Ah Lan was a little surprised, then sneered, "They're not looking for her? My brother has done so many evil deeds. Is he trying to accumulate some good karma?"

The old beggar remained silent for a while before saying, "Never mind your brother, what about yourself..."

Ah Lan, who was being very aggressive, suddenly fell silent.

The moonlight was not even enough to fill a bowl, and it reflected off the woman's black hair, which was tinged with white frost.

She suddenly seemed to have aged a lot.

Xia Ge thought of the puppet named Cui Zhu who had been demonized, and her heart tightened slightly.
The old beggar said, "You know that the ten-year deadline has arrived, why don't you..."

"Why don't you kill that puppet?" He paused, "As long as you do that, everything will be over."

For a long, long time, Xia Ge thought she wouldn't answer.

The woman named A Lan raised her head slightly, and a drop of tear was reflected in the cold moonlight at the corner of her eye.

She murmured, "I... can't do it."

"Because if you do that, everything will be over." A Lan murmured, "We... won't even have a next life."

"I can't do it."

Even if it was just a demonized shell, she wanted to keep it.

It was just that she was caught off guard for a moment... thinking that Cui Zhu was not completely demonized yet, and as a result, she escaped.

That's why unexpected things happened yesterday.

However, the reason why demonized puppets were forbidden was not only because they would harm people after ten years of demonization, but also because they went against the natural order, and used puppets to covet human souls. They could turn into evil spirits or scatter the soul and never be reincarnated, with no chance of another life.

The old man was silent for a long time.

Finally, he sighed.

"A Lan."

"So many years have passed."

"Why are you still so selfish?"

A Lan suddenly laughed, "But... it's been ten years."

"Where can I find her in the next life?"
"In the next life, she won't know me, she will fall in love with someone else."

"I can't find the ten years she can give me."

"I will never find someone like her again."

The moonlight was cold, and Alan's eyebrows were also filled with sadness and a hint of indifference. She murmured, "Just the thought of this possibility, and I want to die."

"If that's the case, I would rather she die."

A crazy smile appeared on her lips, "As long as she is with me, for one more second, one more moment, no matter what, I think it's worth it."

"This way, she will only love me forever."

"Forever and ever."

"Till death do us part."

She was truly a selfish woman to the bone, and that Cui Zhu was unlucky to fall in love with her.

Xia Ge crouched in the grass, feeling the goosebumps on his body.

The old man listened silently, without expressing any opinion, just saying, "Your identity as a puppet master has been exposed, I will help you once, for the sake of an old friend... you should leave here as soon as possible."

"I won't leave here."

"This is her hometown."

Alan laughed softly, with a hint of sadness in her smile, "I have never liked owing anyone, so since it's like this, I will help you once, for the sake of an old friend."

"My brother is looking for you," Alan said, "It's best to leave this town soon, and be careful... of the Evil Ghost Camp."

"If my brother's Evil Ghost Camp finds you, you will die."

"If I die, then I die. The old man doesn't have many days left anyway," the old beggar shook his head, and a hint of sharpness could be seen in his cloudy eyes, "He just needs to understand that the things he owes will eventually have to be repaid."

Alan snorted.

"Well, you probably won't see that day."

The two of them exchanged a few more words, and then the puppet master named Alan left.
Xia Ge crouched in the grass without being bitten by mosquitoes, but her legs were getting numb from squatting for too long.

She didn't know what the point of listening to all this was, but she knew that if she left halfway, she would be exposed...

The old beggar was gone!

Suddenly, her head began to ache.

Xia Ge shuddered, feeling chills all over her body.

She stiffly turned her head, and saw the old beggar fanning himself and squinting at her with a sly smile. "Your legs are numb from squatting?"

Xia Ge forced a laugh. "Haha, yeah...a little bit."

The old beggar snorted. "If your legs are numb, then stand up and leave."

Xia Ge was speechless.

Aren't you supposed to say something like "You know too much" or "Only the dead can keep a secret"?

What kind of development is this...

She was a little scared.

Xia Ge followed the old beggar anxiously for a while.

The old beggar stopped and turned around, suddenly asking, "Xiao Ge?"

Xia Ge's skin crawled at the sound of her name. "Um, here."

After a pause, she said eagerly, "I won't say a word to anyone!"

Xia Ge had always thought that the old beggar was a lazy and casual but dignified old man.

He was kind to people, knew a lot of things, and integrated some homeless people together. Thanks to this old man's "share with those who see", there were few beggars starving to death in this town, and everyone respected him.

He liked to call people by their nicknames. Ye Ze was called Xiao Ze'er, and after he learned her name, he called her Xia Ge'er.

Before, she didn't think much of it when he called her by her nickname, but now she felt a sense of danger as if she was being silenced.
The old man glanced at her and turned his head, "I mean, what you just heard, you can say it doesn't matter."

"Uh?" Xia Ge was confused. Could he really talk about saving the puppeteer?

His voice was slow, "I can tell you more things."

Xia Ge quickly shook her head like a drum, "No need, no need..."

The more you know, the faster you die.

She just wanted to be a happy little beggar who didn't know anything.

"But the old man wants to say."

You want to say, but I don't want to listen.

Xia Ge thought to herself.

The old man sighed deeply, "This old man doesn't have many days left..."

He seemed to be trying to elicit sympathy.

Xia Ge: "..."

"Forget it if you don't want to listen."

Sorry, she really didn't want to listen.

"Be careful of things with the fang symbol lately," the old man sighed, "If you see it, run away quickly."

"Oh."

= =

Since the "elder brother" incident that night, Ye Ze began to avoid Xia Ge. Even when they met on the street, Ye Ze wouldn't give her a good face.

Xia Ge, who had fortunately survived under the kind old beggar's care, didn't really care about Ye Ze's little grudges.

Those who have experienced life and death can always take things lightly.
夏歌 thought to herself, feeling a little proud. She didn't know where she got the audacity to compare her state of mind with that of a nine-year-old child.

Occasionally, when Xia Ge saw Ye Ze, she was surprised to find that the little master who always begged for food had suddenly become enlightened. Before, when he begged for things, he would have a gloomy face as if someone owed him money, but now he knew how to smile. He was also a very sunny little boy when he smiled.

She also noticed that in recent days, Ye Ze had not begged for food, but instead often begged for some copper coins. One or two at a time, she didn't know what he was begging for. He carefully put them in a black money bag.

Unfortunately, whenever his bright smile met her eyes, it immediately turned into a gloomy expression, as if Xia Ge owed him a lot of money.

This went on for about ten days.

One day, when they went out, Ye Ze left before her, and she was stopped by an old beggar.

The old beggar lazily fanned himself with his fan and said, "Xiao Ge, what's going on between you and Xiao Ze'er lately?"

Oh, had their relationship deteriorated to the point where even the old beggar could see it?

After the shadow of that night, Xia Ge now got goosebumps when she heard the old beggar call her Xiaoge.

Xia Ge immediately put on a sad face and said, "Brother Ze doesn't want to play with me."

The old beggar looked at her steadily.

Xia Ge was having a hard time keeping up the act, but she still tried her best to look sad. The show must go on, after all.

Finally, the old man sighed softly.

"Xiao Ge."

Xia Ge: "...Mm?"

"People are different from each other."
The old man fanned himself and thought about what people had been saying these past few days about Ye Ze's smile.

What a proud child he was.

His gaze slowly drifted off into the distance. "Some people are like grinding stones. You have to push them and tell them clearly what you want before you can get what you want."

Xia Ge said, "I don't want anything."

The old man smiled. "That's why some people are different."

Xia Ge looked at him.

"There are some people who like to do things quietly, and they consider themselves smart. They are also very proud on the surface. When they do things for you quietly, you can't point it out," the old man paused and sighed softly. "But you must know what they have done for you."

Xia Ge's heart moved slightly.

Looking at the old man again, he had already closed his eyes, fanning himself with his fan, and said nothing.

- Xia Wuyin, do you know your birthday?

...

- So... don't be unhappy.

- Can you... call me big brother?

Xia Ge left the broken temple and for some reason, he thought of the smile on Ye Ze's face and the copper coins he had begged for when he met him on the roadside.

"You must know what he has done for you."

Ye Ze never smiled when he begged before.

At least, the Ye Ze she had seen had never smiled to please anyone.

He would rather eat dry bread every day than give up his last bit of pride.

But lately, he had been smiling.

... Why was that?

Was it for those few copper coins?
Xia Ge suddenly didn't feel like thinking.

She took a few steps and suddenly asked the system, "What's the date today?"

The invincible puppet who tried to improve their relationship with the host but failed every time said, "April 28th."

She said her birthday was on May 1st.

It seems like the truth is getting closer and closer.

"If someone is good to me," Xia Ge muttered to herself, "should I just accept it?"

The system interrupted seriously, "Yes, when you accept it, it's best to think about how to repay them, like becoming a super skilled puppeteer."

Xia Ge said, "Shut up."

==

Ye Ze finally saved enough money.

He ran to a ready-to-wear store, planning to make a suit as a gift for that dry and smelly little guy.

He found out a few days ago that the little guy bought him a pair of shoes.

Actually, he knew that it was a bit strange to let someone call him brother for no reason, but when Xia Wuyin laughed, he felt angry.

As he got angrier.

Ye Ze thought about his unborn younger sibling, who could also be a younger sister.

Nothing left.

There was nothing left.

But...he wanted something.

What was lost cannot be regained, so he wanted to rely on himself and slowly gain it back.

He stood at the door of the ready-to-wear store, looking at the high signboard. For some reason, he wanted to look at the sign, but the first thing he saw was a black fang posted on the pillar beside it.
The ferocious fangs were emitting a ghostly aura, attracting attention while also giving an eerie feeling. 

Why would a clothing store display such strange things? Ye Ze didn't think much and withdrew his thoughts, walking inside. 

The store was sparsely populated, and the owner seemed a bit strange, but Ye Ze didn't pay much attention to it. He picked out a piece of clothing and went to try it on. 

He was taller than the previous customer... buying a slightly smaller size would be better. 

He entered the fitting room and heard some strange and hoarse voices, as if coming from the next room. The voices were a bit creepy. Ye Ze didn't pay much attention and thought it was just the person next door changing clothes. 

But the more he listened, the more strange it became. His movements became stiff. 

"The Ye family's Sky Jewel..." 

"... " 

"We, the Evil Ghost Camp, should also participate in eradicating the Ye family..." 

"Shh... that transaction has already ended. Now, it's a new beginning..." 

"... " 

The clothes in Ye Ze's hand silently fell to the ground, not because of what he heard, but because countless ghost heads with ferocious fangs slowly emerged above the fitting room! 

"A new... interesting child has arrived..."
