The wind and snow gradually disappeared, and everything around began to distort again.

The sword in his hand gradually became tangible. Ye Ze was dazed for a moment, and in the blink of an eye, he was back in the original place.

He was slightly startled. When he looked up again, he only had a sword in his hand, and the black-cloaked wooden puppet that had been pierced by the sword began to distort slowly, disappearing in the blink of an eye like a dream.

Ye Ze instinctively took a step back, holding the sword, looking at the sword in his hand and then at the place where the puppet disappeared, feeling somewhat stunned.

...An illusion?

That puppet was actually an illusion?

Wait, if the puppet was an illusion, then the sword...

He looked up and saw a bamboo sword sheath on the ground, which looked like it had been casually cut, with two words inscribed on it.

Ask Qing.

He picked it up and inserted his sword into it.

The sword sheath was roughly made, and the two words were crookedly carved, but when he put the sword in, it fit perfectly.

For some reason, Ye Ze felt that this bamboo sword sheath had a certain person's shadow.

Ye Ze paused for a moment, thinking that it must be an illusion.

After all, he didn't know where he was. For now, it was better to focus on finding a way out.

He found the sword sheath, stood up, looked around, and there was no other exit except for the one he had entered from.

It was a dead end.

Maybe what Chang Ning said earlier about going left was correct.

However, sometimes right and wrong weren't that important.

Ye Ze held the sword, feeling somewhat indifferent.

- A beggar with no parents.

Is there really no way out?
He lifted his head and looked up at the ventilation shaft high above. He slowly drew out the sword that he had just put back in its scabbard.

The ancient sword body had simple yet mysterious patterns, hinting at a powerful force.

Ye Ze's spiritual aperture had already opened.

The spiritual power and the aura on the sword faintly resonated with each other. Ye Ze raised his eyes and poured his spiritual power into it, then raised his hand and struck with the sword!

In an instant, a brilliant light shone, followed by a loud bang!

If you choose the wrong path, then you must find your own way to the top on the wrong path!

The light of day suddenly burst forth, endless clouds and mist drifted about, and the tiny pieces of gravel shattered and fell, without even a sound.

Outside the broken wall was a rolling sea of clouds, the dazzling sunlight was a bit blinding, but one could not see the end at a glance.

Ye Ze looked up at the bright sky.

He self-mockingly thought, this path really does lead to the heavens.

However, the sword in his hand suddenly vibrated.

Ye Ze was slightly startled, and in an instant, the endless sea of clouds in front of him suddenly changed. In the blink of an eye, it disappeared and turned into a sea of fire!

The girl in white on the paulownia tree was stained with blood, her ankle bells jingling as she held onto the branches, smiling innocently.

"Don't even leave a dog behind."

Ye Ze suddenly clenched the sword in his hand!

The scene suddenly shattered, and in another turn, in the blink of an eye, the young man in plain clothes with Danfeng Mountain hugged his head and swaggered ahead.

The sword in his hand was gone, left behind.

Is it... Xia Wuyin?

But the young man slowly walked away, stopped, and did not turn around as he did in Ye Ze's memory, smiling and asking him what good food he would treat him to today.

Ye Ze felt a little dazed, thinking of the way this kid looked when he brought him medicine.

...It's a bit embarrassing.
"I don't want to see this guy for months because he's so embarrassing. But...thinking about it again, it's a bit funny. Although he knows it's an illusion, he stops his steps and slowly follows along. After all, he is Xia Wuyin. However, when he followed, the other person's footsteps stopped. He suddenly turned his head to look at him, and Ye Ze's footsteps suddenly stopped, and he was covered by endless darkness - it was the face of that girl on Xia Wuyin's face, extremely eerie, but...extremely fitting. The voice was like a silver bell, familiar, unfamiliar, with a light smile, word by word. 'The Ye family in Gucheng has even lost their dogs, Ye Ze, why haven't you died yet.' It was heart-wrenching. 'Bang Bang' two crisp sounds. The illusion disappeared, and the Wenzhen in Ye Ze's hand fell to the ground and hit the stone, leaving a white mark on the casually written 'Wenzhen'."

"Over here." Xia Ge didn't know what was going on and hesitated for a moment.

"Why don't you keep going?" The voice of the girl on her back was soft and delicate.

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment and said, "There's always a feeling...not a good one."

As she spoke, the rocky path twisted and turned, but they finally reached the end.

"What kind of bad feeling?" she asked.
Xia Ge: "...um, maybe it's like suddenly getting goosebumps? Like being shadowed by something..."

Her intuition has always been pretty accurate.

Chu Yi: "..."

Chu Yi paused for a moment and changed the subject, "Sister, where are we?"

"Ah...maybe in the sky."

The rolling sea of clouds and the slightly dazzling light of the sky. If you kicked a stone off, it would roll three times and then fall silently.

Other than the sky, there didn't seem to be any other explanation.

Xia Ge suddenly thought of Mao Qinghua's drawing.

When Silver Butterfly dissipated into nothingness the moment Xia Ge put Chu Yi down, Xia Ge didn't pay attention and placed the person on her back to the side. "Wait here for a moment."

Chu Yi opened her eyes and looked at her. Under her long eyelashes, her black eyes reflected the brilliant light outside the cave, beautiful yet empty.

Xia Ge knew that she couldn't see anything.

The Tianmu Grass would gradually lose its effectiveness without the blessing of the child of destiny. She had checked the medicinal book before, and at first, it was very brief, only a few minutes. Over time, the duration would lengthen - one hour, several hours, one day, two days, countless days...

In the end, she would become blind again.

As long as Ye Ze, the child of destiny, was there to maintain the effectiveness of the medicine, it would be fine. But the frequency of her blindness wouldn't change. If Ye Ze left, then it would still be a few days of blindness.

Xia Ge calculated it.

All in all, from the first time she couldn't see clearly in the library to the frequency of her blindness...it should have been a month.

The system had asked her before if she regretted giving the Ghost Dragon Jade to Ye Ze, even intentionally causing a misunderstanding between the two. Xia Ge quietly looked at Chu Yi's empty eyes, silent for a moment, and slowly reached out to cover her eyes.

...There's nothing to regret.

If asked again now, twice, fifty times, a hundred times, she would still say the same thing - no regrets.

Perhaps in the future, she would regret it.
"But at least, now there are no regrets.

Those beautiful eyes, unable to see anything.

Just thinking about it makes one feel heartbroken.

Xia Ge is afraid of pain.

Afraid of the dark, afraid of pain.

So... I don't want this child to suffer so much.

Chu Yi still looked up, seeming a little dazed, "Brother?"

Xia Ge fell silent for a moment, softly saying, "Little butterfly's eyes are really pretty."

"Brother... I feel a little heartbroken."

Chu Yi stiffened slightly.

In an instant, she didn't need to think about anything.

She didn't need to think about one's loneliness, the pain of being abandoned, or what to do in the future. She just wanted to throw herself into this person's arms, like the lonely child many years ago, crying bitterly, and it would be okay.

All grievances can be spoken.

All pain, this person can know.

All anxieties, all fears, he can soothe.

- But, it's not possible.

Chu Yi is very clear, it's not possible.

"Brother is really gentle." So gentle.

She looked up, murmuring, "But why wasn't Azhe brother like this before..." So what should I do to keep your gentleness?

Chu Yi tried hard to detach herself from the situation, performing a bewildered deep affection.

Xia Ge suddenly froze at her words.
"Okay... Ye Ze..."

After a moment of silence, she slowly put her hand down and whispered, "Because Little Butterfly was in my dream."

It was just a daydream in the Bai Meng Cave.

As long as she felt happy, it was enough.

Why bother to investigate further?

She whispered, "In dreams... anything is possible."

Chu Yi smiled innocently with watery eyes, "Can brother kiss me in my dream?" Why did you have to lie to me?

Chu Yi's voice was innocent, "Brother said, in dreams, anything is possible." Why did you have to abandon me?

Xia Ge fell silent.

After a long time, she touched Chu Yi's head and leaned down to gently kiss her eyes.

Eyelashes brushed against her cheeks, tender and affectionate.

Xia Ge whispered, "You will see it."

Like a butterfly breaking out of its cocoon, showing your most beautiful appearance.

Chu Yi opened her eyes, and warm liquid gradually swirled in her eyes.

- How could you be so gentle, what do you want her to do?

She had made up her mind, and she wouldn't change it.

But... unexpectedly, she was shaken a little bit.

How could she... be shaken?

Those who lied to her, abandoned her, should all suffer, shouldn't they? They should all die, should all have a miserable life, shouldn't they?

Why did they have to make her suffer so much? Why did they give her hope but then make her despair? Why did they say they would leave and then just leave? Why could you be so happy by yourself? Why did so many people like you?

Why... did she have to like you so much too?
So, all the people you like, like you back. The people who bully you, you bully in return. The people who care about you, you care about in return. She wants to gouge out their eyes and make them suffer like she does, in torment and agony!

Xia Ge was a bit panicked when she saw Chu Yi crying. She reached out to wipe away her tears and asked helplessly, "Why are you crying?"

Chu Yi choked up and said seriously, "Because only in my dreams, will my brother treat me like this."

Xia Ge pretended to be clueless and said, "Why are you like this, little butterfly? I even bought you sugar-coated haws before."

Chu Yi remained silent.

Thinking she had comforted Chu Yi, Xia Ge took out the drawing that Mao Qing had made earlier. It depicted a beautiful sea of clouds, a colorful butterfly fluttering about, and a cave entrance with a plaque that read "White Dream Cave."

Xia Ge peeked through the cave entrance and saw a beautiful sea of clouds outside, but there were no butterflies. The plaque...

Suddenly, a gust of wind blew and the red ribbon on the drawing started to expand. Xia Ge was about to be carried away by the wind when her clothes were suddenly pulled back.

Chu Yi's voice was soft as she asked, "Where are you going?"

Xia Ge hesitated and said, "I just want to take a look outside. I'll come back soon. Um, I'll definitely come back."

Chu Yi looked at her for a while before slowly letting go of her hand.

Xia Ge wandered around in the misty clouds for a while before looking up to try and see the full view of the cave. However, the mist was too thick and she couldn't see clearly.

But she did see a plaque on the cave.

[White Dream Cave].

It wasn't exactly the same as the drawing, but it was very similar.

Xia Ge returned to the cave and was amazed by what she saw. Mao Qing's dream had actually depicted the White Dream Cave accurately.

This meant... the dragon didn't lie to her. This was indeed the entrance to the White Dream Cave. So, the question was...
Zhuangzi dreamed of a butterfly, or was it the butterfly dreaming of Zhuangzi?

Wonderful.

In an instant, Xia Ge felt a surge of spiritual energy in her body, and a subtle feeling spread through her heart, as if she could understand something with just one step.

As Xia Ge was thinking, she felt her clothes being tugged.

She turned around and saw Chu Yi pulling on her clothes, sounding a bit uneasy. "You're back?"

Xia Ge was slightly startled, and after a moment, a subtle feeling spread through her heart.

It was somewhat warm and a little painful.

Because only through her dream could she give her a little peace of mind.

"Um," she murmured softly. "I'm back."

The moment she spoke, she suddenly had an epiphany, and the fog cleared. She took a step forward and everything became clear in an instant.

"In dreams, I do not know if I am a man dreaming of a butterfly, or a butterfly dreaming of a man."

A clear and crisp silver bell suddenly rang out!

Xia Ge was puzzled. "…Did your wake-up bell ring?"

The system, which had been pretending to be dead, remained silent.

Chu Yi, who had been holding onto Xia Ge's clothes, suddenly became serious. At the moment the bell rang, her entire body froze. After a moment, she slowly let go of Xia Ge's clothes.

The silver butterfly quietly flew into her sleeve, soundlessly and without a trace. The voice of calamity rang out coldly.

"Congratulations… perhaps our first deal… has been reached."

"I want to go back to that person."

As a trade.

"I will find the person you want to find."

The fairy bell rang, and it was done.
Chu Yi slowly lifted her head, her eyes that couldn't see anything staring at the person in front of her.

"You lied to me again, what is it?" she asked.

The impulse and warmth in her heart gradually dissipated, replaced by a calm clarity.

Chu Yi felt that she had never been so calm before.

It turned out that the brother she had always loved and missed, the one she was willing to do anything for, even if it meant risking her life, was lying to her about his gender.

But even in her dreams, she didn't want him to lie to her about being together.

If he was going to lie, why not lie all the way?

Ask the immortal, knock on the devil's door.

The name of her brother's bells was really good, Chu Yi thought.

"Perhaps I should ask the immortals," she thought.

But in the end, one thought could turn her into a demon.
