Xia Ge asked, "Will you tell me your identity?"

The cloaked figure replied, "If you're willing to tell me your identity, I will tell you mine."

Xia Ge fell silent.

The cloaked figure continued, "If it's inconvenient for you, we can skip the identity question and ask other questions instead. Anything is fine."

"But I just want to know who you are," Xia Ge said.

"You want to know who I am, but you're not willing to tell me who you are. That's not fair," the cloaked figure commented.

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Greedy."

The cloaked figure added, "Of course, if there are questions you don't want to answer, you can remain silent."

"You won't ask about identities, right?" Xia Ge asked. "Maybe we can still get some information. Who goes first?"

The cloaked figure took out a gold coin, with a sharp curved sword on one side and a beautiful feathered robe on the other. "You go first if it lands on the sword side, and I'll go first if it lands on the robe side," she said.

After tossing the coin, the cloaked figure caught it and slowly opened her hand to reveal the feathered robe side, shining brilliantly under the light of the glass lamp outside the window.

Xia Ge exclaimed, "The other side!"

The cloaked figure replied, "I'll let you go first. That was the first question you asked."

"I didn't cheat," Xia Ge said.

The spirit ball that had been set aside did not light up, indicating that the cloaked figure had not lied.

Xia Ge fell silent again.
"It's my turn," the cloaked figure said. "First question, what are you doing in the underground trading market?"

Xia Ge glanced at her spirit ball and replied, "I heard that there was an auction for an ancient garment tonight, so I came to take a look."

The spirit ball did not light up.

The cloaked figure remained silent for a moment before asking, "Zhen Hun?" in a questioning tone.

She was using a rhetorical tone?

"That counts as the second question!" Xia Ge countered. "It's my turn now!"

"Is it true that you followed me outside of Black Rock Cave and even inside?" she asked.

The cloaked figure remained silent for a while, and just when Xia Ge thought she wouldn't answer, she admitted to it.

"Yes."

"Why did you follow me then?" Xia Ge was about to ask her second question but the cloaked figure interrupted her.

"Do you like this mask?" she suddenly asked.

At her words, Xia Ge instinctively touched the fox mask on her face and then awkwardly put her hand down.

"..."

This kind of question about preferences...

"That doesn't count. You just asked if the garment was related to Zhen Hun," Xia Ge tried to wriggle out of it. "I want to answer that one."

The cloaked figure didn't argue with her. "Okay, go ahead."

"I'll answer your second question... the ancient garment being auctioned is related to Zhen Hun," Xia Ge said.

The spirit ball underneath her suddenly trembled and was about to light up-

"But it's not real!" Xia Ge quickly added.

The spirit ball shook twice and calmed down.

Xia Ge suddenly broke out in a cold sweat. Although the spirit ball could turn fake into real, it might also turn fake Zhen Hun into real Zhen Hun - which seemed very convenient for her, but she wasn't stupid. She understood that there was no such thing as a free lunch in this world. If you wanted to gain something, you would have to lose something.
Moreover, the system prompt also warned about the Yanling Ball, stating that the cost of the Lieshan City was extremely devastating. No one knew what devastating cost she would pay if the real Zhenshen appeared. Besides, if the fake Zhenshen turned into a real one, with so many eyes watching, the demonic cult lurking around, it might not be a good thing for her at present. The cloaked man made a sound and seemed not to care much about whether the auctioned clothes below were Zhenshen or not. Xia Ge stabilized herself and asked him, "What are you following me for?" The cloaked man seemed to think for a while and then said, "Because of you." Xia Ge listened carefully and asked, "Huh?" What happened to her? The cloaked man seemed to hesitate for a while and said, "Cute." Xia Ge instinctively looked at the Yanling Ball and said, "Hey, don't talk nonsense..." They were strangers, so don't lie. Even flattery was a kind of lie. She was going to be 1.7 meters tall in the future! What if you made her only 1.5 meters tall with this cute comment?! However, the Yanling Ball did not light up, nor did it move. Xia Ge looked at the cloaked man in disbelief. Was this Yanling Ball swapped out?! It was not a flattery?! He was really complimenting her?! Xia Ge checked again with the system detection, but the explanation was still the same, as genuine as it could be. Xia Ge's face under the fox mask was slightly stiff. The cloaked man said seriously, "I didn't talk nonsense."
Xia Ge took a deep breath and said, "…Don't say things that can be misunderstood."

"The misunderstood?" The cloaked figure thought for a moment, seeming a bit confused. "Who would misunderstand? You? What did you misunderstand?"

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Are you pretending to be stupid? Are you? You must be!"

She couldn't answer that question.

Xia Ge said, "…Let's change the subject."

The cloaked figure quickly obliged, "Do you like masks?"

Xia Ge thought, "Do you have to ask about my preferences?"

She replied, "It's okay, not great, just so-so."

The spirit ball visibly shook.

Xia Ge gasped, "Actually, I really like it!"

The spirit ball calmed down.

The system chuckled.

Xia Ge thought, "Why does this vague concept also cause the spirit ball to shake? Can't people leave a little room for interpretation? It's not right to tell someone you're not familiar with that you really like the gift they gave you!"

The cloaked figure's low voice seemed to contain a hint of amusement as he said, "Hmm."

Xia Ge thought, "Don't be so smug!"

She glanced at the clothes neatly folded at her feet, her anger rising. Even though she was seething inside, she remained calm on the surface and asked, "Is this your clothes?"

The cloaked figure looked at it for a moment, seeming to ponder, then nodded.

The spirit ball remained dim.

Xia Ge's lips curled into a sly smile, "This clothes is so small, you can't be that tall!"

 
"You don't leave her any room, don't blame her for exposing your secrets!" 

The cloaked figure shook their head. "That's not it." 

Her voice was calm. "It was mine before, now it's yours." 

Xia Ge: "???" 

The cloaked figure looked at her again and said, "When you were affected by the paper doll curse earlier, you lost your clothes when you regained your original form. But it seems I was worrying too much." 

Xia Ge widened her eyes. "Paper doll curse?" 

The cloaked figure explained, "It's a spell that can turn people into paper." 

There's actually such a spell...no, wait. 

She must have known from the beginning! 

So this person was helping her from the beginning? 

Xia Ge subconsciously looked at the red ribbon tied to the table leg, and the face under the fox mask suddenly turned red. If the other person knew everything, then...? 

The cloaked figure seemed to have sensed what she was thinking and said seriously, "I dressed you." 

She lightly waved her hand, and the red ribbon that had been tied to the table leg and couldn't be untied by struggling a few times untied itself and floated back into her hand. "Clothes." 

Her meaning was that when she turned into a paper doll, the red silk wrapped around her was like...clothes? 

The language sphere didn't react. 

Xia Ge: "..." It's actually true. 

Suffocating. 

After the cloaked figure finished speaking, they suddenly leaned in. Xia Ge subconsciously wanted to retreat, but was gently pulled by the cloak. Xia Ge's green hairband was lost and she didn't feel like dyeing another one, and the red hairband hadn't been found yet, so she just casually tied her hair with a black elastic band. She tiptoed and reached out to smooth out Xia Ge's slightly messy hair. 

She pulled her cloak and spoke softly, "Don't worry, I have no ill intentions." 

"I won't harm you." 

"..."
Xia Ge's movement of stepping back slightly froze.

If this was a lie, then the lie in front of the Word Spirit Ball would become the truth.

And, the Word Spirit Ball did not light up.

This means... at least for now, she was telling the truth.

After the cloaked figure finished speaking, they reached into Xia Ge's cloak to pull her hand. Xia Ge stiffened and didn't move, allowing the figure to pull her out.

The fair left hand was slender and slightly cold, with a scar in the palm. The cloaked figure held her hand wrapped in a red ribbon and looked at the scar for a long time. When Xia Ge felt a little embarrassed and wanted to retract her hand, the figure suddenly held it tightly.

Xia Ge: "Um..."

The cloaked figure didn't say anything, slowly taking out the red ribbon and threading it through her tiger's mouth, concealing the scar under the multiple layers of ribbon, finally tying a delicate bow on her wrist.

Then they put the hand back in place.

This red ribbon was very obedient in the hands of its owner. When the owner relaxed their grip, it suddenly became excited and rubbed back and forth on Xia Ge's wrist, twisting and turning like it had received a special reward.

Xia Ge's wrist was especially itchy from being rubbed by it, and she resisted the urge to scratch it, her mouth twitching: "I don't want this."

The cloaked figure's voice was faint: "It will protect you."

The Word Spirit Ball didn't light up, indicating that the cloaked figure was still telling the truth.

Xia Ge: "I don't need its protection, I'm very capable."

The cloaked figure didn't say anything, but Xia Ge could feel the silent questioning emanating from them.

"Wear it," the cloaked figure said, "if you wear it, I'll let you go."

Oh right, she almost forgot if she didn't mention it. She seemed to still be in a state of being controlled by someone?

Xia Ge: "I..."

The cloaked figure suddenly said, "It's starting."

The lights outside the window suddenly became more gorgeous, accompanied by a loud scream, "Welcome to the Underground Auction! I announce! The carnival tonight, from this moment on, officially begins!"

"Ah, it's starting?"
A cheer erupted from below, and Xia Ge couldn't help but push aside the butterfly knot she was fidgeting with and run barefoot to the window, peering down.

"The underground black market usually starts with something attractive to draw in customers' interest, and then they showcase some secondary items..." The cloaked figure didn't mind Xia Ge pushing him aside and slowly walked to her side, explaining in a soft voice, "So the best item is either at the beginning or the grand finale."

"I see..." Xia Ge widened her eyes and saw a person wearing a colorful cloak and a paper mask, decorated to the point of being a bit over the top, standing on the front table below. Their movements were exaggerated and comical. "So, what will be our first item?" 

Xia Ge leaned her head out to continue watching, but suddenly someone picked her up.

"Hey!" Xia Ge kicked her feet, wobbling around. "Why did you pick me up?!"

The cloaked figure replied, "Put on your shoes."

Xia Ge: "..."
