The night was light, and the green window was open, revealing the brilliant starlight outside.

Gu Pei Jiu sat in front of the table, and on the small porcelain vase on the table were several warm-colored small chrysanthemums. In her white hands, she held a jade-green hairband.

If Bi Ji were here, she would surely recognize it as the green hairband that Xia Wu Yin tied her hair with before entering Dan Feng.

"I feel at ease even if it's just a dream," the child said, her eyes shining brightly.

Gu Pei Jiu clenched the hairband in her hand, her face expressionless, but the ripple in her heart took a long time to calm down.

"This is not right," Gu Pei Jiu muttered to herself.

An inexplicable desire was expanding within her.

When the child kissed her forehead, she wanted to hold her head, kiss her eyebrows and eyes, and kiss her lips.

Because... she loved her.

Or perhaps it was something deeper.

The shattered and long memories kept echoing in her mind. Some scenes were blurry, and some were clear.

She couldn't remember everything.

But the bone-piercing loneliness and loneliness in those memories were something she could empathize with.

However, when she held the child, the loneliness that faintly appeared in her memory disappeared. The inherent emptiness was suddenly filled with something, and then slowly overflowed with a sweet and warm feeling. While her heart was filled, she could also feel the sweetness and softness.

There would be no pain or sadness.

So.

"This is not right," Gu Pei Jiu repeated quietly.

But even though she knew it was not right, she still couldn't help but approach the child.
It was like an instinct engraved in her bones.

Her instinct told her that getting close to that child would bring her warmth and redemption, and keep her away from endless loneliness and confusion.

The young girl slowly clenched the green hairband in her hand.

"...this isn't right."

The night was gentle, the starlight was abundant, and the daisies on the table bloomed brilliantly.

But does right or wrong really matter?

In that moment of thought, Gu Peiju knew that she was finished.

Perhaps she had been finished a long time ago.

In that moment when the child hugged her neck and kissed her forehead on tiptoe, she was finished.

- The child's kiss.

It seemed to make someone without a heart understand what love was.

= =

Recently, the people in Danfeng were all very busy, preparing for the Xuan-level promotion ceremony of the youngest leader of Lingxi Peak.

Chang Lan was investigating the reason for the appearance of the White Dream Cave, and the survivors of the White Dream Cave were quickly summoned for questioning one by one.

As the person holding the command token of Danfeng, Xia Ge was the last one to be called for questioning.

To be honest, Chang Lan didn't want to see Xia Ge's face.

Chang Lan went through the process, asking Xia Ge what she encountered in the White Dream Cave and if she had come across anything suspicious. Xia Ge selectively concealed the incidents involving the Eight Desolate Flute and Chu Yi, and only mentioned encountering a particularly large flood dragon and various kinds of illusions.
"…You said you encountered a failed dragon transformation Jiao?" 

Chang Lan asked.

Xia Ge nodded seriously, "Yes, it was very powerful."

Chang Lan asked, "How did you escape from its hands?"

Xia Ge replied, "I don't know, I just suddenly escaped."

Chang Lan: "..."

Xia Ge tapped her hand and said seriously, "It's also possible that the Jiao was just an illusion."

It was obvious that she was just trying to brush off the topic, to the point that no one wanted to say anything.

Chang Lan's mouth twitched slightly as he looked at Xia Ge and asked, "Is there nothing else?"

Xia Ge shook her head sincerely, "No, that's all."

The system said, "..." You're being too casual about this.

After a pause, Xia Ge smiled, "It's okay if Senior Brother doesn't believe me. After all, spies from the demonic sect always like to lie."

Chang Lan felt that he couldn't save face.

After Xia Ge finished speaking, she looked at Chang Lan's expressionless face and felt a sense of relief. She felt refreshed and relaxed.

Ha, wasn't it impressive when she accused someone of being a spy from the demonic sect without evidence?

Chang Lan: "..."

Although it was important to be fair, he didn't feel too bad about the fact that he borrowed dozens of Bai Hun Pills from Dan Peak later on.

He quickly adjusted his mood and said, "You can go back now. Whether it's true or not, I will investigate it in detail."

Xia Ge leisurely walked out of the main hall.

It was really satisfying to argue with someone.

However, she hadn't walked a few steps when she saw Chu Yi and Ye Ze.
It seemed she was also summoned for questioning. In front of the misty hall, Ye Ze was holding a sword by her side, with bright almond eyes and a gentle smile on her lips.

When Ye Ze saw her, he wanted to come over and greet her, but then seemed to remember something and froze in place.

Chu Yi looked up and gave her a perplexed look.

Xia Ge raised her eyebrows and greeted Ye Ze with a smile, "Hey, long time no see."

Ye Ze pursed his lips and looked at her, "...Hmm."

Although the boy in front of her was smiling, in his mind, all he could see was the girl from the White Dream Cave illusion, asking him word by word - "Why haven't you gone to die yet?"

Her words were heart-wrenching.

Ye Ze felt it hard to breathe.

Xia Ge approached him, about to compare their heights, "Hey, senior brother, you seem to have grown taller...?"

Ye Ze suddenly stepped back, distancing himself from her.

It was like he was trying to escape.

Xia Ge stood there, stunned. The word "tall" got stuck in her throat and she couldn't say it for a while. When Ye Ze realized what he had done and looked at her frozen expression, he felt a mix of emotions.

Xia Ge quickly adjusted her expression and scratched her head, asking in confusion, "Why did you step back?"

Chu Yi smiled softly and said, "Brother Ze is probably just tired."

Xia Ge glanced at Chu Yi.

The young girl's black eyes were bright, her smile sweet.

Everything she encountered in the White Dream Cave seemed like a fleeting glimpse, and the girl who hugged her neck and wept seemed to be just a dream.

...You are now a stranger to her.

Xia Ge paused for a moment and said, "Oh," then asked Ye Ze, "How did you fall into the White Dream Cave? Did you encounter anything strange?"

Chu Yi clenched her fist under her sleeve.
The smile on her lips was still very sweet.

Ye Ze recovered his mood and felt inexplicable because of the strange reaction he had to Bai Meng Xue's dream, which had no basis whatsoever.

...This is Xia Wu Yin.

It was for him to single-handedly break into the evil ghost camp... Xia Wu Yin.

How is that possible?

"I didn't encounter anything strange," Ye Ze whispered, "but I was lucky enough to get a good sword."

After speaking, he explained why he ended up in Bai Meng Xue and paused before asking Xia Ge, "Did you also go into Bai Meng Xue?"

Xia Ge replied with a "Hmm" and said, "I was suddenly sucked in, but fortunately, I didn't encounter anything strange... sigh, you're lucky. What kind of sword is it? Is it good?"

Ye Ze shook his head and said, "It's okay... but I always feel like the smell of blood is too strong."

"Then don't use it for now," Xia Ge said, "I always feel like there's nothing good in Bai Meng Xue."

Xia Ge thought of the Eight Wilderness Flute that was still in her arms.

This thing couldn't be put in the Flowing Silver Ring, so she had to carry it with her, but the faint evil aura emanating from it really gave her chills.

Chu Yi had been smiling and watching the young man talking to others without saying a word.

This is... her real older brother?

She's so pretty.

Chu Yi thought.

Her hair was soft black, her eyes were big, like a cunning cat, her skin was white, and she still had a little baby fat on her face. She was wearing a Dan Feng plain robe and had a big-eyed doll that looked like her hanging from her waist.

Oh... right, this doll was given to her brother by someone else.

Chu Yi thought of the Dan Feng disciple named Gu Peijiu who spoke up for Xia Wu Yin in the hall that day.

The person who said she made her brother's doll by hand.

Translated by: @luciaxchen
She said her brother was not a puppet master and had nothing to do with the demonic cult.

Chu Yi tilted her head slightly, looking at the doll hanging from Xia Ge's waist.

This doll...

Her brother always carried it with him.

He seemed to treasure it very much.

Because her brother had someone else he treasured in his heart, he could casually discard things, so Little Butterfly died.

Chu Yi's lips curled up, but her pitch-black eyes slowly became expressionless.

After Xia Ge and Ye Ze finished talking, they were about to say goodbye, but they vaguely felt a sinister gaze. Xia Ge subconsciously looked for the source, but only saw the sweet smile of a girl with soft hair.

Chu Yi smiled sweetly, "I think I was rude to my brother before. I'm sorry."

Xia Ge: "..."

After thinking for a while, Xia Ge remembered that Chu Yi had talked to her alone before, saying that she attracted people's affection but not the affection of those she liked.

"It's alright, it's just a small matter," Xia Ge said, then turned to Ye Ze, "You keep working hard. I'll go back first."

Ye Ze: "Hmm."

"Don't forget our agreement," Xia Ge walked a few steps, then suddenly turned back and smiled at Ye Ze, "I'm still waiting for you to invite me for a drink."

Ye Ze was slightly stunned.

Then he remembered.

Clear moon and cool breeze. At that time, he had just entered the Sword Peak and was beaten up badly.

- When you can step on these scumbags without relying on anyone, and when you are not afraid of anything.

- Come and have a drink with me.

Ye Ze absent-mindedly replied, "Hmm."

Only then did Xia Ge leave.
Ye Ze snapped out of it, feeling somewhat regretful. He didn't even know what he was regretting, but he just had a feeling.

However, the next second, a chilling sensation from his feet made him forget about his regret.

It was as if he was being stared at by something terrifying.

- This person, she wants him to suffer.

Ye Ze instinctively turned around, only to be met with the innocent smile of a young girl.

Chu Yi tilted her head, seemingly curious. "That brother, what kind of promise did he make with Brother Ze?"

Ye Ze paused for a moment. "...Nothing."

"Nothing?" Chu Yi envied, "That's so nice. I want to make promises with that brother too..."

Ye Ze was taken aback. "Make promises with him?"

"That brother seems like he always keeps his promises," Chu Yi said. "So, I really envy Brother Ze, who made a promise with him."

...So jealous.

She wanted to kill this person.

Her brother, as long as he promised, he would always try his best to fulfill it.

Just like the day he promised to come back to her.

Just like when he promised her to see the light again.

On the contrary.

If she didn't promise anything.

Then, she would never see hope again.

- But what should she do?

She really wanted, wanted to be with this person.

So badly.
