Time passes peacefully.

Dan Feng's days were simple and straightforward, and three years passed in the blink of an eye.

As she grew older, Xia Ge became more feminine. After being pointed out by countless people, she also felt that it wasn't good. So, she decided to buy a lot of makeup and learn how to apply it.

Xia Ge was very confident in her makeup skills.

Although everyone was surprised when the feminine Xia Xiao Zhang suddenly turned into a rough man overnight, due to Xia Xiao Zhang's miserable mood of being mistaken for a woman, everyone pretended not to notice and even praised her for having a very manly demeanor.

Xia Ge's heart was still very complicated about these kinds of praises like "sturdy," "powerful," and "rough."

... Well, in a sense, this was also a kind of success.

However, one day, when Xia Ge forgot to remove her makeup and went to sleep at her senior sister's place, she was caught.

The rough Xia Ge, who had turned herself into a man, showed a naive and innocent smile to her senior sister: "..."

Gu Peijiu, who mistook her for a flower thief and almost killed her, stared at Xia Ge's face with special effects for a long time.

Xia Ge was a little embarrassed by her gaze: "Hey, is my makeup not good?"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

It was just too good.

She poured a bucket of water on Xia Ge without expression: "Clean up."

Xia Ge looked at her pitifully: "... Is it really that bad?"

System: "..." It's pretty good. It would be even better if you changed your face.

Gu Peijiu said, "Either go back or clean up."

Xia Ge washed up with a grievance and saw Gu Peijiu holding the wooden puppet she had just taken off. She was carving it with a carving knife, and Xia Ge leaned over to take a look. However, Gu Peijiu covered the puppet and put the carving knife aside, saying, "Go to sleep."

"What are you doing, senior sister? Let me see," Xia Ge protested.
Gu Peijiu pushed her head down.

"Sleep."

"......"

The next day, when Xiage put on the wooden puppet and looked at herself in the water, she noticed something different.

Her face was still the same, but it didn't look as delicate anymore. The fair complexion seemed to have a dark filter added to it, and her cheeks were not as soft, giving her a more angular and heroic look.

At least she wouldn't be mistaken for a girl at first glance.

Xiage secretly took off the clothes of the wooden puppet around her waist and saw another formation carved next to the protective spirit formation.

[Illusion Formation]: A formation that changes appearance with illusion.

Xiage: "Amazing..."

Her senior sister was so smart.

System: "......"

Meanwhile, Mao Qing, who went south to visit relatives, did not stay for a few months as she had said, nor did she stay for over ten years. She returned after two years, and since then, she had a strange bell around her waist.

It was strange that every time Xiage's spiritual power made a breakthrough, the bell would ring.

"Why does it ring?" Xiage once asked Mao Qing.

Mao Qing just looked at her with her chin in her hand. "When someone makes a breakthrough, the bell rings."

"Huh? Does it ring every time someone makes a breakthrough? Then it would ring every day, wouldn't it?"

Mao Qing blinked. "Of course not."

She then said, "It doesn't ring for the ugly ones."

"I remember you said you made a breakthrough a few days ago," Xiage said.

The bell didn't ring.
Mao Qing's face remained unchanged: "You remembered it wrong."

Xia Ge: "..."

She glanced at the 【Knocking Magic Bell】: A bell that will ring with joy as someone makes a breakthrough.

"...It's really amazing."

"The bell isn't amazing." Mao Qing shook her head, covering her lips with her fingers as she looked at her, a faint smile on her eyebrows. "I think what's amazing is fate."

There seemed to be an unusual scent circulating in the air.

Xia Ge touched her forehead. "Did the poisonous gas from the south make you crazy?"

Mao Qing: "..."

Xia Ge thought that even the monkey throwing bananas at the Beast Summit was amazing, at least the bananas could be eaten.

Wasn't that more amazing than fate?

Three years, it was neither long nor short.

To say it was long, it was enough for Ye Ze to go from a sword peak youth with nothing, to become the second-best disciple after Chu Yao, through countless hardships and by asking the spirits with his sword.

And in these three years, Xia Ge had never stepped into the Sword Peak again.

Closing the book, Xia Ge hummed a tune and went to find Gu Peijiu in the study. Halfway through, she suddenly wanted to take a detour to the Su Xi Alchemy Pavilion to see if the new peach trees had bloomed.

Not for any other reason.

Just because spring had come and many new peach trees had been planted in Su Xi, which Xia Ge had planted herself.

Speaking of these peach trees, there was a story that had to be told.

Three years had passed, and the once thin little girl had grown taller. For a while, her bones grew too fast and her muscles couldn't keep up, causing her pain for a long time. But fortunately, she got through it and Xia Ge, although afraid of pain, had experienced much more painful things. It wasn't that painful to think about it now.

However, the senior sister gave her a long time off, letting her rest in her room and instructing Bixi to make bird's nest soup to nourish her body.
Xia Ge couldn't stand squatting in the room, and she didn't like to eat bird's nest. Even if her legs hurt, she always wanted to go out and play. After Gu Peijiu pulled her out of the big bird's nest on the Beast Peak for the third time, Xia Ge hid the bird eggs behind her back and pretended to be innocent. "This bird's nest is super comfortable, haha, it's so much fun to squat in it."

This was the nest of the Beast Peak's demon bird, which usually went out to forage during the day and returned at night.

If the demon bird found that someone was stealing eggs...

Gu Peijiu stared at her with dark eyes, not saying a word.

Feeling a little guilty under her gaze, Xia Ge avoided eye contact and quietly offered the bird eggs behind her back, thick-skinnedly saying, "I just feel like I need to supplement some protein..."

"Bones will deform," Gu Peijiu suddenly said.

Xia Ge: "..."

She slowly took the bird egg from Xia Ge's hand, "The newly grown bones are very soft. If you run around randomly, they will grow crooked."

Xia Ge: "..."

Don't try to deceive her just because she's not well-educated.

Xia Ge looked at the bird egg pitifully, "Um..."

In the wind, there were bird calls.

But the girl turned her back, "Come up."

Xia Ge was still thinking about her bird egg and didn't react, "Ah?"

Gu Peijiu glanced at her.

Xia Ge suddenly realized that her senior sister wanted to...

"I'll carry you back."

She rubbed her hands and threw the bird egg behind her head, "Senior sister... then I'll come up."

The wind was gentle that day.

Xia Ge hugged her senior sister's neck, pressed her right ear against her back, and the tip of her nose was surrounded by a light sandalwood scent.
After carrying someone back, Gu Peijiu did not go to deal with the matter at Danfeng. That night, Xia Ge ate the bird egg that the senior sister had grilled for the first time.

It was very fragrant.

The broken eggshells were sprinkled with cumin and other sauces, making it both fragrant and flavorful.

Xia Ge's mouth was watering with greed.

"Is there anywhere you want to go?"

The bird egg from the Beast Peak Magic Bird was large, and one was enough to fill Xia Ge's stomach. Just as she was gnawing on it with gusto, Gu Peijiu suddenly spoke.

"Hmm?"

The night was shallow, and the campfire next to the stream was swaying. The crackling of burning branches could be heard. The girl wearing a Danfeng plain clothes looked up at her, her pitch-black eyes flickering with the swaying fire, their brightness changing.

Gu Peijiu added some firewood and patiently asked again, "Is there anywhere you want to go?"

"No." Xia Ge gnawed on the bird egg and looked at her pitifully. "My bones will get crooked."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

"...I'll carry you there."

Xia Ge's eyes lit up, but then dimmed. She finished eating the yolk and felt a bit melancholy. "I don't know where to go, and I don't know where's fun."

Gu Peijiu added more firewood, her black pupils flickering. She said, "I know a place."

Xia Ge looked at her.

Gu Peijiu said lightly, "Cloud City, Peach Blossom Village."

The next day, Gu Peijiu used the Sky Execution Silk to take her to Cloud City.

The red Sky Execution Silk shimmered with golden thunder light, carrying the two of them all the way up to this desolate celestial island hidden in the clouds.

It was a true island in the sky, protected by a barrier within the roiling clouds. On a separate island, the mountains were covered in peach blossoms, which immediately caught Xia Ge's eye.

With a breeze blowing, the Peach Blossom Village was like a painting, with pink petals flying and sprinkling the ground with romance.

Almost at a glance, Xia Ge fell in love with this place.
The peach blossoms dance endlessly, and Xia Ge hugs Gu Peiju's neck, looking at the ground covered with peach petals and shrouded in clouds. The stuffiness of the past few days has been swept away, and she is excited and wants to roll on the ground.

"Wow...we're actually in the sky! I've thought about it before, but I never thought there would be an island in the sky! Sister, where did you find this place?" Xia Ge asked.

Gu Peiju replied, "In a dream."

Xia Ge laughed awkwardly for a while and said, "Sister, you're really good at joking, hahaha."

Gu Peiju didn't put her down, still carrying her on her back, stepping on the peach blossoms along the way. She didn't answer Xia Ge's question because it was indeed in a dream.

After the dream about Cloud City, Gu Peiju took the time to find it and was surprised to actually find it. However, Cloud City was no longer as magnificent as it was in the dream. It was now in ruins, full of evil spirits, and had become a dead city. The only lively place was this Peach Blossom Paradise protected by a barrier. The barrier was effective against evil spirits, but not against people. Gu Peiju easily entered.

"This place is really nice," Xia Ge said. "Just looking at the flowers makes me feel good."

A light breeze blew, and the fragrance of peach blossoms mixed with the sandalwood on Sister's body.

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly felt very happy. She hugged Gu Peiju's neck tightly, put her head on her back, and said in a muffled voice, "Sister, you're really good."

Her voice was as light as a mosquito, as if it would dissipate with a gust of wind.

Gu Peiju didn't say anything, but the sweet warmth melted in her heart as the breeze blew.

After a pause, Xia Ge suddenly became excited and said, "Sister, I want to plant peach blossoms in Danfeng!"

Gu Peiju replied, "Sure."

Xia Ge was excited for a while, but then returned to reality and asked, "But...what is this place, Cloud City?"
She felt a bit familiar with the name Yun Du, perhaps she had seen it in a book before, but it was a long time ago and she couldn't remember.

"Legend has it that Yun Du was once a gathering place for the gods," Gu Peijiu said, "but it's just a legend."

"Was this also a place where the gods once resided?" Xia Ge asked with a grin.

"Maybe," Gu Peijiu said.

As they walked, Xia Ge suddenly exclaimed, "Wait a minute!"

Gu Peijiu also noticed that something was off and stopped, looking towards a large peach tree not far away.

This tree was big enough for five people to hug, with strong branches and the most flourishing peach blossoms. It was surrounded by a wooden fence, but that wasn't what surprised Xia Ge the most. What surprised her was that inside the fence, there were two small peach wood houses.

Gu Peijiu walked over with her on his back.

"What is that?"

The wooden houses were small and exquisite, only about four or five feet long and wide, nestled under the peach tree. Upon closer inspection, they were more like two small temples than "houses."

The two small temples were intricately carved with hook and corner, and the wooden walls were finely carved with patterns that Xia Ge didn't recognize. The two temples were very close together, but upon closer inspection, their patterns were not the same. Moreover, although everything else was vividly depicted, the most important plaque in the temple was empty, without a single word.

Before Xia Ge could prepare to scan with her system, she heard Gu Peijiu say, "It's a god's funeral."

"...God's funeral?" Xia Ge was confused.

Gu Peijiu looked at it and confirmed, "Yes, a god's funeral."

"There was a legend," Gu Peijiu looked at the two small temples, "that when a god felt the end of their days, they would set up a funeral in their hometown."

"So...it's like a mortal preparing their own coffin?" Xia Ge understood.

Gu Peijiu nodded, "Yes."

"When a god dies, their soul returns to the funeral, and the plaque on the funeral will show the god's real name as proof that they once existed in the world," Gu Peijiu explained.

Xia Ge unconsciously looked at the empty god's funeral plaque and said, "..."
She was a bit uncertain: "So... does that mean there's still no...?"

If the owner was still around, wouldn't they be intruding into someone else's home?

"If the god who presides over one's passing has not felt their own passing, they will not set up a shrine for themselves," said Gu Peijiu.

Looking at the ages of these two shrines, it should have been a very long time since their passing... in other words, no matter what god it was, they should no longer be around.

Summer Song also realized this. Besides the insane, who would bother to prepare their own coffin?

"Then why isn't there a name on it?" she asked.

"It's possible that before their passing, they couldn't find their way home," Gu Peijiu replied.

Summer Song: "..."
