"Did you kill it?"

To Chu Yao's surprise, she showed no gratitude for her heroism and instead appeared very angry.

"I did," Xia Ge said, puzzled. "It was a Yimei."

Yimei was a classic setting in this book of endless romance and lust. The details of how it came to be were a bit complicated and Xia Ge had skimmed over it when she read it herself. She only knew that it was a kind of mischievous spirit that could possess clothes and lend its powers to humans who wore them. Strong-willed people could turn Yimei into powerful weapons, while weak-willed people would be controlled by Yimei and become puppets.

The woman with the rolled-back eyes was obviously controlled by Yimei.

No...she looked more like she was dead.

"Of course, I know it was a Yimei!" Xia Ge thought she would say something earth-shattering, but to her surprise, the almond-eyed girl killer's pupils shrank, as if she felt something, and she glared at Xia Ge fiercely. "I remember you. I'll come after you next time!"

Xia Ge felt a flash of darkness in front of her eyes. The dagger that had been stuck in the ground was gone.

"I won't kill you, but I won't let you off easy!" How could Chu Yao let someone else take advantage of her?!

Xia Ge snorted. If the person had run away with their tail between their legs, what else could they do?

It was worth studying this Yimei, though.

Xia Ge jumped off the table and walked towards the dead woman in the gray vest with her eyes rolled back, planning to tear off some scraps of fabric from the vest as material.

But her inner FLAG hadn't been raised for three seconds.

A strange smell of paste came out, accompanied by the sound of something burning.

Xia Ge suddenly had a bad feeling.

She stiffly turned her head and looked back at her original seat where she had been copying the book.

Her chair was now filled with pentagonal darts that shimmered with a green glow.

There was a crumpled piece of paper under the pearwood table that Ye Ze had thrown at her when he brought her food, and it had fallen by the table leg, and she hadn't had a chance to pick it up.

Now that piece of paper was on fire.
The legs of the table were also on fire.

Wait, wait--

"Ah ah ah ah ah--"

The flames seemed to know Xia Ge's anxious mood and deliberately burned slowly on the legs of the table, waiting until Xia Ge realized something was wrong and tried to save the Xuan paper on the table like a starving tiger pouncing on its prey--

"Boom--"

The intense flames suddenly exploded into brilliant fireworks, devouring everything on the table!

With a flick of the raging flames, the three hundred sheets of Xuan paper Xia Ge had copied all day turned into flying ashes in the blink of an eye, disappearing into thin air.

"What the f***, what the f***, what the f***-- my homework, ahhhh--"

Someone suddenly grabbed Xia Ge by the collar, and she burst into tears. "Don't pull me, my homework, ahhhh--"

She finally understood why moths were drawn to flames.

Even if she was just a worm now, she had to rush over and extinguish the fire, ahhhh!!!!

... Wait, who was pulling her?

What the f***, is there a ghost or a demon?

It couldn't be a demon, it must have been dead for sure. The soul heart of the demon the system had pointed out to her was definitely hit by her just now, so she couldn't have missed it! A ghost... in Danfeng Academy?

Xia Ge's body froze.

It wasn't a demon or a ghost, then... who was behind her?

The raging fire suddenly went out, and the faint scent of burnt pear wood lingered in the air. A girl's voice sounded behind her like a clear spring, "Xia Wuyin."

Xia Ge: "..."

Great, she just got rid of a difficult-to-deal-with assassin, and now she's facing an even more difficult-to-fool senior sister.

Her voice was pleasant and her appearance was beautiful. Was she really reflecting on her past mistakes in this "Reflection Pavilion," or was she reflecting on spring?

Xia Ge hadn't even had time to organize her thoughts and expression when her senior sister spoke coldly and indifferently.
"Just now...what were you shouting?" 

Xia Ge looked bewildered, "Ah, what? Did I shout something just now? I didn't shout anything, did I?" 

Gu Peiju was speechless for a moment. 

Just as Xia Ge thought she could get away with it, she was suddenly lifted up and turned in another direction. 

Under the bright moonlight, the clear and cold eyebrows and eyes of the senior sister collided with Xia Ge's pupils. 

"Xia Wuyin, you just said someone wants to tarnish your innocence?" 

Xia Ge: "..." 

It was really, capital, awkward. 

Unfortunately, Gu Peiju's expression was still very serious, and Xia Ge didn't know how to start joking. 

After a long time, Xia Ge stiffened her face, looked into her eyes, and said in the same serious tone. 

"...I was just shouting for fun." 

So...can you put her down, senior sister? 

The senior sister of Danfeng obviously couldn't hear her inner thoughts. She just stared at her deeply, obviously skeptical of Xia Ge's "shouting for fun". 

But Xia Ge looked like a dead pig not afraid of boiling water, and Gu Peiju knew she couldn't ask anything, so she maintained her posture of lifting her up and put her down in front of Yimeishen, who lay on the ground, not knowing whether she was alive or dead. 

"Did you kill her?" 

Xia Ge pretended to be innocent, "Ah? I don't know, it wasn't me-" 

[Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the impression of "lying outer disciple" from Danfeng's senior disciple Gu Peiju! This impression will cause your credibility towards the target to drop by 60%. Please take note.] 

Xia Ge: "..." 

Can this useless system prompt be a little less annoying? 

"Oh?"
Gu Peijiu stared at the boy in front of her, who was full of lies and didn't say a single true word. Her pitch-black pupils narrowed slightly. "So, are you saying that this demon came in by itself, knocked over these tables, fell onto the wall, and then committed suicide with a knife?"

"Why would it do so many unnecessary things by itself..."

Xia Ge couldn't help but comment, but immediately shut up.

Gu Peijiu raised her up to her eye level, expressionless. "I also don't think it would do so many unnecessary things."

"..."

Xia Ge hesitated, "I really don't want to tell the truth..."

"Speak."

Xia Ge looked pained. "Just now, a crazy female assassin came over and... she touched my chest."

Gu Peijiu frowned.

Xia Ge continued in a low voice, "She was too powerful! She was both powerful and crazy! She kicked the monster 'biu' and sent it flying onto the wall! She kicked the tables too! Don't ask me to pay for them, I don't have the money!"

Gu Peijiu remained expressionless.

"She also killed the demon!! She even burned my homework to cover up her tracks! She must have run away when she saw Senior Sister coming! She's such a coward!"

Xia Ge covered her face with her hands, tears streaming down her face. "Senior Sister, to be honest, I wasn't just joking earlier, please help me out! She... she not only ruined my innocence... ah, Senior Sister!! She also burned the three thousand copies of Dan Xun that I copied today!! She's such a despicable assassin!!!"

Gu Peijiu said, "Let's not talk about your innocence for now. You copied three thousand copies today?"

Xia Ge cried, "Yes, three thousand copies..."

[Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the impression of Gu Peijiu, the Outer Disciple who is full of lies! This impression will cause your credibility towards this person to drop by 100%. Please be aware.]

Xia Ge: "..."

Of course, she knew that Senior Sister wouldn't believe her! Stupid system! Don't emphasize it to her!
"But without evidence, even if Senior Sister doesn't believe me, it's useless."

"Anyway, they're all burned! Who knows how many times they were burned-"

"Well, without evidence, it's okay to lie a little about the quantity...right?"

Gu Peijiu looked at her coldly, let go of her and threw her to the side, saying in a calm voice, "Three thousand times of alchemy training, about three hundred sheets of rice paper per time, so three thousand times is nine hundred thousand sheets."

She pointed to the pearwood table next to the window that had been burned into charcoal. The black paper dust floated lightly in the breeze. "Xia Wuyin, let's not talk about whether the Sigu Pavilion has that much rice paper- you copied nine hundred thousand sheets of rice paper this afternoon?"

Senior Sister had come over in the morning, and at that time she was joking around with Ye Ze and only copied three or four sheets. Presumably, Gu Peijiu had seen that too.

Xia Ge: "......"

Under the moonlight, Gu Peijiu slightly raised the corners of her lips and looked at Xia Ge, smiling but not smiling. "Impressive."

Xia Ge had nothing except for a thick-skinned face. "Senior Sister is really good at math. Actually, I only copied thirty times today..."

"Xia Wuyin."

Gu Peijiu interrupted her words, her black pupils calm and without waves. "I can guarantee that if you lie to me again, I will make you copy nine hundred thousand times of rice paper for alchemy training."

"Sigu Pavilion, you will stay here for the rest of your life."

Xia Ge: "......"

"I had no intention of investigating how many times you copied." Seeing that Xia Wuyin seemed to be scared by her, Gu Peijiu's voice softened slightly. "Today, a killer frightened you, and it was my fault for not being careful enough."

"But since you are a disciple of the Dan Peak, you must remember that Dan Peak disciples shoulder the responsibility of righteousness, have a broad mind, and have courage and wisdom, as well as manners and etiquette. Among the people in this world, the most important thing is to keep your word."

The four words "keep your word" were spoken clearly by Gu Peijiu.

The girl's eyebrows and eyes were clear and beautiful, and her voice was clear and cold. "I don't know what you have experienced before, and I have no intention of judging you as a person, but wherever I am, you must tell the truth."

Xia Ge was helpless.

Bro, even if you tell the truth, you won't believe it with your zero credibility in front of Senior Sister, right?

Xia Ge began to worry about her already bankrupted credibility in front of Senior Sister.

"Now, I ask, you answer."
Xia Ge replied, "...You ask."

Three hundred thousand repetitions of the Danxin Technique were still a bit scary...

Gu Peijiu stared into her eyes and asked slowly, "Who killed this Clothes Demon?"

"...," Xia Ge choked up.

It was really... hitting the nail on the head.

"I did it," Xia Ge said seriously. "That guy was trying to kill me, so I grabbed the assassin's dagger and threw it at the Clothes Demon. It died."

Gu Peijiu glanced at Xia Ge and saw her fearless attitude. She didn't bother to investigate the obvious loopholes in Xia Ge's words -

The assassin's dagger was so easy to steal?

Moreover...

Gu Peijiu looked at the dead Clothes Demon on the ground and the body wearing it.

The shoulder was where the Clothes Demon's soul was located. The sharp weapon had grazed it and just happened to cut through a small piece of cloth that was attached to the soul.

What kind of strength and accuracy was this?

With such accuracy and control of strength, Gu Peijiu didn't believe that someone like this would fail the small test of the Dan Peak's Valley.

She frowned slightly.

This child...

[Ding! Congratulations on obtaining the impression of "Sly Little Brat" from Dan Peak's senior disciple, Gu Peijiu! This impression will increase the credibility of your words regarding this person by 10%. Please check it out.]

"...," Xia Ge said.

Stupid system. She really didn't want to know what kind of impression this eccentric senior sister had of her!
... What kind of sneaky guy is he? Why does saying "sneaky guy" increase the credibility of what he says by ten percent? Does this senior sister have any special fetishes?

Xia Ge was silently complaining, but suddenly heard Gu Peiju say in a calm tone, "I won't ask you any more unnecessary questions."

Xia Ge's inner thoughts paused for a moment as she saw the barrage. Oh? Is that good?

However, happy moments never last more than three seconds.

"Now I'll give you two choices," Gu Peiju said. "First, copy the remaining elixir training in the Reflection Pavilion."

After speaking, she glanced at Xia Ge, and a shimmering light flashed in her beautiful black pupils. "I know you only copied it once today."

Xia Ge: "!!!"

Seeing the sneaky little guy in coarse clothes looking like he was in agony, Gu Peiju knew she was right.

For a moment, she had a bit of a headache.

He really only copied it once...

This guy's cunning is really hard to guard against.

"Second choice. If you are interested..." Despite her headache, Gu Peiju continued, "Consider it compensation for this scare, you don't have to copy the elixir training again, and the previously deducted salary will be returned in full."

Xia Ge was stunned. "Why is this choice so good?"

"Well, I need a servant, and you have a unique bone structure. You're a good candidate."

Xia Ge: "..."

Gu Peiju turned her head to look at her and spoke softly. "Or, continue copying the elixir training?"
