Su Chan glanced at Gu Peijiu.

Gu Peijiu's soul was deeply poisoned, unable to move, and her senses had degraded. She probably couldn't hear what Su Chan was saying.

She lowered her head again and looked at her own hands.

But it didn't matter.

It was just the truth.

Su Chan clenched her fists and looked at Ye Ze, answering his questions one by one.

"Yes."

"It is."

The next moment! The cold blade of the Wenzhen Sword was already against Su Chan's neck! However, at the moment it touched him, Su Chan didn't even move a finger. Blood dyed the Spring and Autumn Period and Ye Ze was suddenly thrown out by a great force!

Ye Ze fell heavily to the ground, and countless evil spirits with ferocious faces rushed towards him. The disciples beside him rushed to help, but they were also at a loss and chaotic.

Ye Ze lay on the cold ground, his face pale and his thoughts in despair.

- Why did he ask?

- Isn't it better to pretend not to know?

- Isn't it better to pretend that nothing happened?!

What was happening now...

What was it?!

"Xia Wuyin, you've gone too far!!" Lu Qie exclaimed angrily. "I can't control your grudges with Ye Ze, but Sister Shijie has been so good to you! How could you--"

Su Chan wasn't in the mood to talk to ants. With a wave of his hand, several puppets rushed out of the mustard seed space and pounced on Lu Qie and the remaining Danfeng disciples!

Lu Qie was angry, but he valued his life very much. As soon as he saw that the situation was not right, he turned around and ran, cursing as he ran, "Xia Wuyin, you have no conscience." After cursing, he also called out to the other disciples, "What are you waiting for? Run!"

Looking at the fleeing group, Su Chan's eyes were contemptuous, but his voice was slightly regretful, "Without Gu Peijiu, they're just a bunch of rubbish. They probably won't last long."

Nothing could be heard.
Soon... I can't see anymore.

This poison is indeed fierce, but I don't know what the demon woman meant by "soul split". If I can find the source, then there is no poison in this world that cannot be solved.

Even when she was critically ill, Gu Peijiu remained calm.

Vaguely, Gu Peijiu heard Su Chan's slow and leisurely voice in her ear.

It sounded like a sigh, but also like something interesting.

"Let me guess, what are you thinking about?"

Her tone was elegant and leisurely, "Are you thinking about how to survive?"

Gu Peijiu remained indifferent.

Su Chan didn't expect her to respond, and just muttered to herself, "Believe me - if you survive, you will definitely suffer."

What did she say?

Gu Peijiu was already having trouble hearing clearly, and could only vaguely make out a few words like "suffering".

Suffering? Gu Peijiu?

Ha, ridiculous. Gu Peijiu, what is there to fear about life and death?

But there was one regret.

"No...I won't." Gu Peijiu said, "I won't."

She wasn't afraid of death.

But she was afraid of that person dying.

She couldn't bear to see that person suffer even a little bit.

"I just can't bear to see her..." Gu Peijiu's voice was a bit hoarse, she stared in the direction of Su Chan with hollow eyes, and said word by word, "But if she wants my life, it doesn't matter."

- I can't bear to see her get hurt.

But as long as she was okay, what did her life matter?!
"Even if..." Gu Peiju's lips curled up slightly, with a hint of a smile, as she suppressed the pain and agony in her soul. Her voice was faintly tinged with pity, "If you were to become like her and kill me..."

"...Are you trying to help me?" 

- The person she loved could never pick up a blade against her.

But when faced with her love, their hesitant gaze was as sharp as a blade.

She understood her confusion.

So she took a step back.

But she still yearned for it.

Even if that blade was plunged straight into her heart, it would be better than this slow torture.

She hoped for her answer, but was afraid of it too.

The fearless Gu Peiju of the past was now afraid of every possibility regarding that person.

She was afraid of her rejection, afraid of a future without her, but more afraid of her getting hurt.

Upon hearing this, Su Chan's eyes turned cold. "Unfortunately, it's not Xia Wuyin who wants your life, but me, Su Chan!"

But then he laughed, pityingly saying, "Can't hear me anymore? How pitiful."

"It's okay, if you can't hear me, then I'll transmit my voice to you."

Gu Peiju was silent, her soul poisoned to the bone, the pain of her soul making her almost insane.

She couldn't move her body at all.

If it was the pain of broken bones, she could at least hold onto something, struggle a bit, and ease the pain. But...

If a normal person's soul filled their body, then Gu Peiju's soul, under the influence of the poison, was like it had shrunk and shrunk again.

Her soul had almost lost all control over her body, and couldn't break free from the shackles of her flesh, finally flying away with her body's death.

So even if it hurt, there was nowhere to go, only one person, suffering in agony.

"What I mean is, if you continue to live, it will be very painful for you." Su Chan transmitted his voice, speaking slowly and gently, "If this face doesn't make you feel pain when it kills you... then let the owner of this face suffer instead."
She spoke to herself, "If I were to see the person I love while alive, but because of being despised by the world, forced to leave the righteous path and join the demonic sect, becoming my pawn and causing chaos in the world, you would definitely..."

She chuckled softly, "It would be very painful, wouldn't it?"

Suddenly, Su Chan's wrist holding the dagger was grabbed!

The hand was extremely cold and hard, holding on tightly as if trying to grab her soul.

Su Chan was suddenly startled!

The soul poison on the dagger was specially made for half-souls like Gu Peiju, who had reincarnated after their souls had split. The poisoned person would lose all five senses, their soul would shrink and be trapped in their body forever, unable to be reborn even after death. In addition, the dagger itself had lethal killing power against souls...

Yet this person was still able to move despite being poisoned!?

Gu Peiju exuded a terrifying aura. Even though the pain in her soul was driving her crazy, her pitch-black eyes still maintained an almost frightening coldness. She stared at Su Chan, perhaps out of anger. Her blurry eyes managed to focus slightly, and Gu Peiju spoke each word with a vicious tone that did not belong to the righteous path.

"...You, dare."

Only two words, but each one was extremely fierce, carrying a bloodthirsty aura that did not belong to the righteous path.

As if, if Su Chan did this, Gu Peiju would tear her into pieces without any regard, shattering her bones and scattering her ashes.

Su Chan was truly shocked, but she quickly calmed down.

So what if she was powerful? Under this soul poison, she was nothing more than an ant struggling in its final moments before death.

Su Chan sneered, raised her chin, stared into Gu Peiju's eyes, and retorted, "I'm sorry, but there's nothing in this world that I'm afraid of!"

Her voice was arrogant and fierce.

Gu Peiju, you have a weakness, and that's why you were made for me!

She held onto that hope for a year, and then another, time passing by like the flick of a finger, the time of the gods having no end.

She woke up again and again in anticipation, and fell asleep again and again in painful disappointment. Year after year, she waited for so long!

Even the evil spirits of Evil Spirit Mountain had been released, but she still had not returned.

Xia Wushuang, she didn't want anything at all.

She left when she said she would, and when she said she wouldn't come back, she really, truly never came back.
Even if she destroyed everything she cared about like a crazy child, she still wouldn't come back.

Then what could Su Chan do?!

The divine time was endless, what else could Su Chan do in this world?

Be a mortal god like in the beginning?

Live aimlessly, not caring about anything, following the beliefs of her followers like before?!

She was going crazy.

She... had already gone crazy.

Su Chan's weakness no longer existed, and it never would again.

There would never be such a warm person who would take her hand and say, "If no one remembers, I'll remember for you."

"Be my personal god of fortune."

- It would never happen again.

With a divine body, she was the only remaining sunset in the world after the twilight of the gods.

So she was crazy, lawless, and fearless.

"Be careful." Su Chan slowly pried open the wrist of Gu Peijiu, who was holding a knife, with a fake and sick smile. "After all, if you're not careful, you'll be relieved."

She tilted her head, as if thinking, and after a while, she laughed softly. "But I'm also very merciful."

"I'll send you to hell early, and you won't have to suffer anymore. Are you happy, Gu, Pei, Jiu?"

With a cold and ruthless gaze, she was about to use the knife with force-

But the next moment!

A strong wind!

Su Chan's pupils slightly contracted as a powerful force suddenly swept her away, silently and terrifyingly!
Threat!

Almost instinctively, she dodged and was met with a cold gust of wind. Su Chan's eyes were icy as she brandished her dagger.

"Clang!"

The crescent blade with cloud patterns clashed with the tiny dagger, creating a brilliant spark. The girl wearing the fox mask descended from the sky, her clothes fluttering in the wind.

The black belt with cloud patterns around her waist danced in the wind as the girl with the fox mask held onto the crescent blade. Her wide sleeves with cloud patterns fluttered in the wind as she clashed her dagger against the crescent blade, creating a shower of sparks that only made her eyes appear even more menacing.

"You--stop!" A powerful aura suddenly burst forth.

Su Chan met eyes with the girl behind the mask and understood immediately. She chuckled and glanced at Gu Peijiu who stood motionless behind her. "I'm really envious."

"But it doesn't matter," she continued. Her performance had yet to begin, and the main character couldn't come and ruin it.

With a flick of her dagger, she deflected the girl's crescent blade and disappeared into thin air the next second.

Instant transmission!

Xia Ge was about to follow her with Ghost Shadow Lost, but after taking two steps, she suddenly stopped and angrily threw her crescent blade to the ground. "Damn, a counterfeit!"

She quickly turned back to check on Gu Peijiu. When she saw the crimson on her body, her pupils shrank to the size of needles, and she exclaimed, "Senior Sister!"

Xia Ge had come here following the guidance of the Lost Deer after fixing the red talisman. When she arrived, it was already a battlefield of demons and ghosts, terrifying and gruesome. The Lost Deer left after guiding her to the location, and Xia Ge searched everywhere. However, both humans and ghosts were bloodthirsty, and the path was filled with broken limbs and blood. Some people were fighting while covered in blood - literally drenched in it.

The battlefield was too vast, and it was difficult to distinguish between humans and ghosts. Even with Ghost Shadow Lost, Xia Ge had a hard time finding people. The more she struggled, the more vicious the demons became, and the more she worried about Senior Sister. The more she worried, the more anxious she became, and the less efficient she was in finding people.

Xia Ge was so rushed that she didn't even notice the road nearby.

The system reminded her, "Don't you have Lovesickness?"

Only then did Xia Ge, who was in a state of panic, realize that she still had the invincible locator Lovesickness. But as soon as she reached for it...
A black cloud-patterned hairband quietly floated in her hand.

Xia Ge: "???"

Xia Ge's eyes turned into animal pupils in an instant: "Where is Xiangsi?!"

[Zhentian Hairband: One of the ancient clothes that can control evil spirits.]

System: "......"

Xia Ge was frightened and ignored the proud mood of Zhentian showing off its treasure. She threw the hairband in her hand aside and shouted, "Where is Xiangsi?! Where is my Xiangsi?!"

The black cloud-patterned hairband floated lightly and landed on the head of an ugly ghost that was about to attack Xia Ge. In an instant, the ghost seemed to be scalded by something, let out a scream, and then the skin that touched the hairband began to smoke as if it had been splashed with sulfuric acid. It desperately tried to remove the hairband from its forehead, but the hairband expanded on its own without wind, quickly stretching and tying it up like a zongzi.

"Ah——"

The ghost screamed in agony, and its screams could be heard clearly within a radius of thousands of miles. It rolled frantically and screamed until it could no longer make any sound.

The system thought for a moment: "As the saying goes, two tigers cannot live on the same mountain unless they are a male and a female..."

"You have Zhentian... it cannot tolerate it."

Xia Ge couldn't find Gu Peijiu anywhere and was extremely anxious: "Then I don't want Zhentian, I want Xiangsi!"

System: "Can you not say it like that?"

Xia Ge only knew that Xiangsi was gone, the Xiangsi that her senior sister gave her was gone!

Without Xiangsi, with so many people, when could she find her senior sister?

With so many ghosts, her senior sister still had to take care of so many disciples, how could she possibly handle it all?!

"I want to go back and find Xiangsi-"

However, she was stopped by several ghosts after walking a few steps. Xia Ge wanted to swing her sickle like before, but found that...

Zhentian was not cooperating.

It seemed that it was angry after hearing her say "I don't want Zhentian, I want Xiangsi" earlier.

The sickle hit the ghost's shoulder with a hard thud, causing Xia Ge's arm to go numb.
System: "......"

For some unknown reason, Xia Ge felt very anxious. She couldn't quite describe this feeling. It wasn't because she missed her loved one, nor was it because she was facing a demon that she couldn't defeat alone. It was just a feeling of anxiety, as if she was about to lose someone important to her.

This feeling even made her forget about the mood of calming the spirit.

The demon roared, flashed his body, and in the next moment, his huge fist fiercely smashed Xia Ge to the ground!

"Bang!"

Xia Ge fell to the ground, feeling like all her internal organs were about to be thrown up. She struggled to get up, "No..."

Why was she so anxious?!

Senior sister... could it be senior sister?!

The demon that knocked Xia Ge to the ground had a strong physique, revealing its ferocious and twisted fangs, its huge fist opened, scattered into a mist, and condensed into sharp five claws. It tore directly towards Xia Ge's head!

"Bang!"

A gunshot sounded.

The demon's claws tore through the air.

The sound of wind whistling above their heads!

He looked up!

So fast!

What fell in front of him was a sickle, containing a fierce and murderous aura. The girl held a sickle in one hand and a gun in the other, her eyes cold and ruthless-

[Potential Gun]!

[One Hit Kill]!

"Clang!"

The sickle sliced off half of the demon's skull!

"Ah...ao--"
The evil spirit covered its head and struggled wildly, ignoring Xia Ge completely.

After dealing with the obstructing evil spirit, Xia Ge immediately threw down the Potential Gun and activated the Ghostly Shadow technique, picking up her sickle and running.

She didn't need the Soul Suppressing Tower, she could handle it herself. It didn't matter if it hurt a little, she didn't care, she just wanted to find Xiang Si and see her senior sister as soon as possible!

She was in a hurry, she needed to be faster, otherwise she would be late and might never see her again!

Faster!

The system didn't sense Xia Ge's urgency, or maybe it did but didn't care, and said calmly, "If I were you, I wouldn't go looking for Xiang Si."

"But she's missing--"

"If I were you, I would buy the items in the store and locate her first."

Xia Ge: "......"

Although speechless, Xia Ge had to admit that she was grateful for the timely promotion from the system.

The system went on to say, "Yimei is like a person. If she accepts you, she will crave your approval."

"Call a spade a spade." The system's voice sounded particularly calm, not at all like an unreliable scammer. "It was wrong of her to secretly discard Xiang Si, but after she saved you several times, if you continue to treat her like this, then you are in the wrong."

"Don't be like a scumbag who starts things and then abandons them."

Xia Ge: "......"

Xia Ge felt that something was not quite right, but upon careful consideration, it seemed to make sense.

But in the end, Xia Ge said, "But Xiao Kui, you're not me, and I'm not a smart person. I'm just a fool who fell in love with someone."

"I've never liked anyone before, and I finally like someone."

"I want to cherish everything she's given me."
Thinking of Xiangsi, Xiage clenched the sickle in her hand and said word by word, "If it doesn't care about my feelings, I won't care about its feelings either."

Xiage paused. "So, I was wrong, but I won't apologize."

The system was speechless.

Later, Xiage didn't have time to go back to find Xiangsi. Anxious, she used the locator and chose to find her senior sister.

But later, unexpectedly, Zhenhun suddenly lent her his power again.

It was because of this that she was late, but it was not too late in the end.

From a distance, Xiage only saw a person who looked exactly like her holding a knife to her senior sister's neck. Her feeling of panic was not wrong - her senior sister was in danger!

What was even more hateful was that the person holding the knife was actually a fake who looked exactly like her!

At first, because the other party was holding her senior sister hostage, Xiage didn't dare to act rashly. She hid among the evil spirits, killing them while secretly observing. She also heard the fake say something to Yeze -

She heard Yeze say, "Whoever slaughtered my Ye family, is it you?" Xiage was confused. Slaughter his entire family? Her?

What kind of joke was this? She didn't even know which way his door faced! Slaughter his entire family? Was he out of his mind?!

But the fake actually admitted it on her behalf?!

What a shocking revelation!

Xiage couldn't bear it anymore, but when she saw the dagger at her senior sister's neck, she restrained herself and decided to wait a little longer.

She couldn't act impulsively. It didn't matter what happened to her... her senior sister's life was at stake.

The fake seemed to have a lot to say, and Xiage estimated that she could wait a little longer. She didn't have complete confidence and couldn't rush out, after all, the knife was at her senior sister's neck. She had to wait for that fake to lose focus...

She just didn't know what nonsense the fake was saying to her senior sister. Her senior sister seemed very angry and immediately grabbed the fake's wrist holding the dagger. But for some reason, Xiage felt that her senior sister's movements were very stiff, and Tianzhuling was also there, but didn't dare to move.

She was being restrained.

Xiage stared at the dagger, holding the sickle. Yes, she didn't dare to act rashly either.

Who was this fake?

Xiage gritted her teeth and her eyes turned into beast pupils in an instant.
【Scouting Technique】

However, she didn't see the other person's identity, only the name on the black clothes - "Blood Stained Chronicles: Ancient Clothing Enchantment."

Xia Ge's pupils suddenly contracted!

Blood Stained Chronicles, Blood Stained Chronicles?! It's actually the leader of the Demon Cult!

Su Chan, it's Su Chan!!

The culprit who directly caused all of this - Su Chan!

And it was at this moment that Su Chan broke away from Gu Peijiu's grasp and was ready to take action - she couldn't wait any longer, it had to be now!

Xia Ge quickly rushed out!

"Stop!"

It was at that moment.

In endless pain, Gu Peijiu heard a long-lost voice.

It was like a dying flame, yet it was also like the only sound that could penetrate a painful soul in a quiet darkness.

The spirit, tortured by soul poison and with nowhere to turn, seemed to have found a reliance.

It was like a person who had been in darkness for a long time seeing a ray of light.

...It was her.

Different from the previous sense of disharmony, Gu Peijiu could feel it.

It was that kind of feeling...where every inch of her soul was shouting for her existence.

Her beloved.

Even if she only said one word to her, it could make her die and come back to life in endless pain and misery.

Love is a numbing poison that can make her willingly forget all the pain and only remember that she has come.
Although her intelligence told her that she shouldn't come to such a dangerous place, she should be well protected by Gu Peijiu's wings, and she shouldn't face any possible danger. She couldn't accept any harm that Xia Wuyin might suffer because of Gu Peijiu.

However, she couldn't deny the feeling that surged from the bottom of her heart, which was joy.

She couldn't deny that every inch of her trembling soul was ecstatic, trembling, shouting, joyful, and crazy about her arrival. She was standing in front of her now. Look, she was so cute and weak. Even though it was difficult for her to fight a small hippopotamus before, now she looked so powerful standing in front of her.

She was very happy that you could come.

When she felt painful and uncomfortable, she was very happy that you came and stood in front of her like a hero.

- Like a calm-minded Gu Peijiu, a Gu Peijiu who was poisoned by the soul, and a Gu Peijiu who loved you.

No matter which one she was, she was almost going crazy.

They were all ecstatic for her existence, her breath, and everything about her.

They were crazy with joy.

What was the pain?

It was nothing.

- She came, does that mean...

Did she accept it?!

She heard her slightly anxious voice calling her senior sister, and she obviously found her wound, but she hadn't realized that she was poisoned.

Her body was numb and cold.

But her soul was extremely excited, even burning hot. Even the pain of the soul poison couldn't reduce the warmth and joy that her loved one brought to her.

It was like a painful person biting a piece of cork, or a dying person grabbing onto a piece of driftwood.
"Give her vitality."

"Sister, you're injured! Why aren't you speaking?" 

Xia Ge felt like she was going crazy. She covered the wound on Gu Peijiu's chest, trying to stop the gushing blood caused by the Wusheng Dagger. Of course, it was useless. There was only the strong smell of blood and her sister's increasingly pale face.

Xia Ge couldn't think of anything, her mind was blank. 

This person loved her so much, but she was bleeding. 

She only knew that her sister was very powerful. She thought her sister would have no problem going to Evil Spirit Mountain. She thought no one could harm her sister, and that her sister would come out unscathed. 

Her sister was so strong, and she had never seen her sister injured like this. 

But she was wrong. 

That fake person, wearing Xia Ge's face, stabbed her sister with a knife. 

Xia Ge thought of what her sister said to her before she left, and felt a heartache that was almost unbearable. 

-What was her sister thinking when she saw that fake person? 

Why was her sister so foolish? 

The system reminded her, "Dan medicine, dan medicine!" 

Xia Ge suddenly had an epiphany. She frantically picked out the hemostatic pill from the medicine she had refined and wanted to feed it to Gu Peijiu. However, Gu Peijiu's face was pale, and she didn't move at all. 

Xia Ge was about to cry in desperation. "Sister, open your mouth!" 

Gu Peijiu looked at her with open eyes, and her empty eyes seemed to be shining with a gentle light. 

-Oh, I see it, I see it. Her hair is a bit messy, and she didn't tie it up properly. This fox mask really looks like what she had imagined for a long time, it suits her so well. 

It's so beautiful. 

However, her lips still didn't move. 

Xia Ge simply took off the mask, put the pill in her mouth, chewed it into pieces, closed her eyes, and kissed her. 

Her tongue pried open her soft and pale lips, and bit by bit, she sent the crushed fragments of the pill inside. It couldn't be described as lingering, it was even a bit rough, and there was anxiety.
This kiss did not contain any hint of desire - it could not even be called a kiss.

But, it was a kiss.

In that moment, Gu Peijiu felt alive again.

Instinctively, she lightly extended her tongue and licked the other's soft lips.

In that moment, Xia Ge of Du Yao slightly stiffened.

Unable to express her feelings, she only felt as if for a moment, there was a feeling of being loved and cherished.

Gentle and lingering.

- No one will ever love her like this again.

She tightly hugged Gu Peijiu's slender body, finished passing the pill in her mouth, but did not separate. She kissed her lips, and as she continued to kiss her, suddenly tears streamed down her face.

- She has never liked someone like this before.

She did not know what it was like to like someone.

But she saw her senior sister like this.

She felt so sad.

So sad that she was almost crying.

She had previously sworn that she would never cry again.

When Ye Ze left her, she did not shed a tear, but seeing senior sister like this, she could not bear it.

The hot tears fell on Gu Peijiu's cheeks, and she stiffly looked at Xia Ge, her eyes slowly becoming moist.

- Don't cry.

- If you cry.

I will also feel sad and want to cry with you.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." Xia Ge wailed and cried, "Senior sister, senior sister, I feel like no one can hurt senior sister - Senior sister is so powerful, how could she be injured? It's all fake, right?!"
"You speak! Why aren't you saying anything, wuwuwu..."

Gu Peiju thought to herself.

Falling in love with someone is truly miraculous.

She can put on an indestructible armor for her, and also remove all her defenses because of her.

If it's this person, even if she gets hurt, she is willing to do so.

- No one can hurt my senior sister.

You're wrong.

- No one, except you.

As long as she realizes that you might get hurt, even a little bit, Gu Peiju feels like she's going crazy.

What if she gets hurt?

At least she knows, that person isn't you.

She is willing and satisfied.

After Xia Ge finished crying, she felt that it was too weak to cry in front of her senior sister. Finally, she wiped away her tears, pretended that nothing had happened, sniffed, and bandaged her senior sister's wounds. She heard the struggle of Ye Ze not far away, Xia Ge paused for a moment, thought for a moment, and now she didn't have time to explain all the mess to Ye Ze...

And, the question Ye Ze asked before...

He asked Xia Wuyin if she had wiped out his entire family first.

Xia Ge just thought about it and felt a little cold in her heart.

So... is it because of this that he was so ungrateful three years ago?

But why didn't he ask her in person at that time?

Three years later, when she felt like everything was over, whether it existed or not, he asked this question to a fake.

Is it interesting?

- Forget it.

If he thinks like this, then let him think like this.
Anyway, Xia Ge was originally a big jerk.

If she hasn't done something, she hasn't done it. She has nothing to be guilty about. Instead of wasting time being caught later, it's better to pretend she's someone else now, after all...

Now, Senior Sister's injury is the most important thing.

She doesn't have time to dwell on useless past events with Ye Ze.

He never believed her from the beginning, so why bother explaining to him?

She doesn't care if irrelevant people curse at her a thousand times.

But Senior Sister is lying here, lifeless, because Su Chan pretended to be her...

Xia Ge feels like she's dying inside.

It's like her heart is being cut piece by piece.

Instead of wasting time with irrelevant people, she should hurry up and see what's going on with Senior Sister now.

She's not afraid of rumors, or Ye Ze believing the fake and coming to trouble her. She's not afraid of anything except losing the person who holds a special place in her heart.

There are very few people she likes.

She finally met one.

-"I'll take you home."

Xia Ge's heart trembles slightly.

She can give him everything.

She won't lie anymore. She'll listen and behave well. She won't hide anymore. If she likes someone, she likes them. If she loves someone, she loves them. In this world, only Senior Sister is the gentlest to her.

As long as Senior Sister can get better, she can give up everything.

Xia Ge sniffs and checks on Gu Peijiu's pulse. The next moment, her pupils shrink slightly.

The pulse... poisoned?!!

"Senior Sister, you're poisoned?!!"
Earlier I was too excited and didn't notice anything unusual. Now Xia Ge has finished examining the pulse and only then did we discover that she has been poisoned by soul poison!

No wonder Senior Sister just watched her without saying anything!

Soul poison, soul poison. This can only be cured with a Soul Pill!

Xia Ge quickly took out the Baihun Pill from before, hesitated before administering it, and then used detection magic to scan it.

[Rebirth Poison: A divine dagger made by the God of Calamity, specifically used to poison and kill incomplete souls, causing them to be forever trapped in the physical body. When the physical body is destroyed, the soul will fly away and disperse.]

The system said: "...this...the Baihun Pill is useless."

Xia Ge was stunned, thinking of three years ago when Su Chan stabbed her.

-The soul poison on the Rebirth Dagger is the most powerful in the world, and can only be countered with poison.

In an instant, Xia Ge felt a chill all over her body.

Just as Xia Ge was feeling cold all over, Su Chan stood on the peak. It wasn't very high, and she was dressed in black, floating above everything, and the people below could also see her.

Someone noticed the person on the peak.

Someone who had just killed a demon inadvertently looked up and exclaimed in surprise, "Who is she? What is she doing up there?"

"I know her, she seems to be...the head of the Danfeng Sect?"

"What is she doing up there?"

Someone else cautiously voiced their guess, "The head of the Danfeng Sect...plays the flute? Only...a puppeteer would do that..."

"Nonsense, how is that possible!"

"..."

Su Chan's lips curved into a shallow smile as she took out the bone flute from her bosom and gave it a slight shake. The bone flute, which was full of bones, suddenly turned into a smooth and jade-like flute, with a bright red color swirling around it.

If Xia Ge were here, she would probably be shocked and angry again, because the bone flute was imitating the appearance of the Eight Wilderness Flute!

Su Chan lightly placed the flute on her lips and the melodious sound of the flute floated out, a somewhat eerie and strange ancient tune that sounded somewhat terrifying.

The sudden sound of the flute obviously attracted the attention of many people. Su Chan calmly accepted the attention from all sides, and the sound of the flute continued to play leisurely.
Below, the only medicine that can cure the soul poison is the Hundred Soul Pill. Regardless of whether it works or not, Xia Ge gave it to Gu Peijiu in the same way as before. Gu Peijiu's face showed no change. Xia Ge put on her mask and tightened her lips. The system thought for a moment and decided to comfort her: "It's not a big deal, just try to be optimistic..." Be optimistic? How can she be optimistic? Xia Ge couldn't be optimistic. As they were talking, they suddenly heard the sound of a flute coming from the mountain. The sound was somewhat familiar, but the tone was very strange. Almost instinctively, she looked up and saw a girl on the mountain who looked exactly like her, playing the Eight Wilderness Flute. When their bright eyes met, the girl even raised a sinister smile at the corner of her mouth. Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly. The system asked, "...What is she going to do?" Soon, they understood what Su Chan was doing. As the sound of the flute drifted away, a black cloud rolled in from all directions like a surging tide. At first, everyone thought it was just a cloud. But soon... Someone's voice trembled slightly, "Hey... what is that? Is it... a cloud?" "Is it a ghost!!!" "And puppets!! It's the sound of the flute!! The sound of the flute summoned them!!"
"Shut up, maybe... maybe they're coming to help us."

Evil spirits and demons gathered from all directions, darkening the sky and covering the land with endless resentment. Countless puppets marched with stiff steps from the evil spirit mountain range.

"Xia Wuyin is a puppet master!!!"

"She wants us all to die here!!"

"Damn it!!"

"..."

The goal was achieved.

The cold wind in the mountains blew her dark night clothes.

Su Chan smiled slightly, put down her flute, and in that moment, she felt a scorching gaze.

She lowered her head and found a pair of eyes among the crowd that hated her to death.

Under the fox mask, those eyes looked at her, cold and ruthless, faintly tinged with hatred.

...Xia Wuyin.

Xia Wuyin.

Interesting.

Qin Yue's child, the little priestess of the demonic cult, Qin Shuang.

What kind of person stays in the righteous sect calling themselves "Xia Wuyin"?

Kill Gu Peijiu, and then let Xia Wuyin... or rather, Qin Shuang herself, go home.

This was her goal.

"Xia Xia." Su Chan chuckled softly, murmuring, "Don't blame me, just a bad kid."

"If you don't love your family, you still have to be punished."

If she didn't do something soon, Qin Yue and the others would be anxious, and as the leader of the cult, her face wouldn't look good either.
Knowing that Gu Peiju was doomed, Su Chan's mood improved a lot.

And the demons and puppets that came with the sound of the flute began their slaughter without restraint!!

Xia Ge looked at Su Chan, who noticed her and gave her a charming smile.

His gaze under the mask was icy.

The sky was covered with demons and countless puppets rushed into the siege. At first, people were still lucky, until the first person was ruthlessly killed by a puppet summoned by Su Chan.

"Ah--"

A miserable scream!!

This scream was like a fuse.

The crowd was instantly enraged!!

Countless curses and insults poured out, as if the most offensive words in the world could be directed at Xia Wuyin.

But soon, people couldn't afford to curse anymore. The double attack of demons and puppets was enough to make them exhausted.

System: "Hey hey, you're really taking the blame for this..."

Xia Ge remained silent for a long time.

She had thought of many possibilities, but she had never thought that Su Chan would use this trick.

"...it doesn't matter." Xia Ge withdrew her gaze and touched Gu Peiju's slightly feverish forehead, saying softly, "The identity of the puppet will be exposed sooner or later anyway."

"This is not a matter of whether it will be exposed or not!! She's using your identity to do whatever she wants!! Don't you plan to do anything?!! Why don't you go up there?!!" The system couldn't believe how indifferent Xia Ge was, "Is your brain filled with water or mushrooms?!! Are you going to let her tarnish your reputation like this?!!"

"...Xia Ge clenched her fists tightly.

"What are you going to do--"

"I'll go up, who will take care of my senior sister?!" Xia Ge shouted, "Am I going to leave her alone here and go up there to clarify my indifferent reputation?! Reputation is nothing!! Do you think I care about the reputation of the demonic sect and the righteous sect?!"

"I don't care!!"

"I don't care who tarnishes my reputation!! I don't care if I'm pushed into the mud and trampled to death!!" Xia Ge shouted and cried, tears streaming down her face. Her voice became hoarse, "I can't...I can't leave my senior sister alone here..."
"...... She can't even speak anymore, I can't even hear her speak......"

"What does it have to do with me or anyone else? I just want the person who loves me to be okay. I have saved many people, I have been a Lei Feng so many times, why can't I save her...... Why am I so useless!!"

= =

Looking at the evil spirit that had descended, Su Chan's narrow eyes squinted slightly.

What's going on... even though there are many, the number is less than expected.

Have all the evil spirits in Evil Spirit Mountain not been released yet?

Killing these small fries is okay, but if they want all these trash to die here and then go on to cause chaos in the world, it's a bit too little.

There are more evil spirits in Evil Spirit Mountain than just this.

Where did the problem arise?
