Sword Peak.

The sun was shining brightly.

A graceful girl wearing a blue and white short shirt of Sword Peak, with a long sword like snow and sword light like lightning. Each move was magnificent and refined, with sword qi and killing intent bursting out. The girl's posture was graceful, each move was elegant and agile.

In a flash.

The bright moonlight and the boy's enchanting purple eyes suddenly appeared in her mind.

Chu Yao's sword tip, which had been steady as a rock, trembled slightly. Her almond eyes suddenly became sharp, and the sword edge turned, retracting the overflowing killing intent and sword momentum. The ice-blue hair band made a sharp arc under the dazzling sunlight, and then gently fell on the girl's soft black hair.

The boy's voice was clear and gentle.

-"My name is Xia Ge."

Xia Ge, Xia Ge.

Summer... Long song.

The cold sword tip pointed to the ground, and Chu Yao's delicate eyebrows and eyes became slightly cold.

...Just a short man who wants to be a hero, not worth her obsession!

"Chirp!"

The Frost Sword suddenly drew a deep cold sword mark on the ground. The girl retracted her sword with her backhand, and the sound of the sharp sword blade rubbing against the scabbard was cold and pleasant.

"Hei, Sister Chu, I heard that you went down the mountain again?" The girl with a blue dress embroidered with silver butterflies covered her mouth and smiled lightly. Her bright eyes and white teeth looked very clever.

Chu Yao's expression did not soften at all. "What does it have to do with you?"

"How could it have nothing to do with me." The girl with a long sword at her waist, whose almond eyes were similar to Chu Yao's, smiled, "Sister Chu's elegance is rarely seen. I was busy with affairs yesterday and missed the opportunity to come down the mountain to see you. I still regret it very much."

"Shut up." Chu Yao's expression was cold, "Chu Yi, don't think that you can do whatever you want just because you are in Sword Peak!"

"Oh?" The girl raised her eyebrows slightly, her black pupils slightly cold, but her lips still had a smile, "How can you say that it's 'doing whatever you want'? Sister Chu is really too much. You don't even want to give your own younger sister a little face. I thought we had a deep sisterly bond..."

"...Forget it."
Seeing that Chu Yao remained unmoved, Chu Yi chuckled lightly, "I thought Sister was always concerned about Sword Peak, thinking it was such a great place... but it's really nothing special."

The girl's soft long hair was draped behind her blue dress, tied up with a light blue hairband, and the silver butterfly on her cuff seemed to be alive, unlike Chu Yao's light brown eyes, her eyes were pure black.

Chu Yao didn't move.

Chu Yi smiled slightly, but there was sarcasm in her eyes, "But it's really impressive, Lord Chu - the only person from Sword Peak who cares about the life and death of those outer disciples, making people admire you so much."

Chu Yao looked at her coldly.

"Chu Yao, you must be very proud, being treated like a savior..." Chu Yi chuckled softly, "I really don't know... when will I be able to tear off this layer of pride from you, and see the appearance of the proud son of heaven being torn apart and bloody..."

"Swish -"

The cold leaves brushed against her hair, and Chu Yi's voice suddenly stopped.

The sharp tree leaves cut off three strands of her hair, "chirp," and pierced into the trunk of a wutong tree behind her, three inches deep.

The girl, who looked like a fairy, touched the sword hilt with her slender hand, looked at her with her light brown eyes, and licked her soft lips slightly.

She took a step towards her.

The breeze blew, and a single leaf drifted down in front of Chu Yao, silently breaking into three or four pieces before it hit the ground, with neat cuts, fluttering in the air.

Chu Yi subconsciously took a step back, and after retreating, she was stunned to find that she... couldn't move!

She watched the killing intent of the fairy-like girl, with rolling coldness, step by step towards her.

"Now... I really want to see what you look like torn apart and bloody, Chu Yi."

Although the girl in front of her was clearly delicate and pretty, her words were full of a strong bloodthirsty scent. Chu Yi, who was stared at by her beast-like light brown eyes, felt her whole body trembling, and the strong killing intent crushed every inch of her skin like needles.

- She's going to die!

- She's definitely... going to be killed!!

For a moment, Chu Yi regretted coming to pick a fight with the tiger before her wings were fully grown.

Was she... too impulsive?

Chu Yi's pupils shrank to a point, and her body trembled slightly due to extreme tension.
The chin was suddenly lifted by a cold finger.

The girl's light brown eyes reflected her narrowed pupils as she sneered, "Oh, scared now?"

Chu Yi pursed her lips and remained silent.

Chu Yao was full of ridicule, "So ugly..."

The finger slowly descended, finally gripping her neck.

Chu Yi's back was covered in cold sweat.

"I'll do whatever I like. Sword Peak is also like that, understand?"

"It's better if I never see you again."

"I'm Chu Yao, everything about me is good, except for my love of disowning my relatives."

"Trash."

= =

After receiving her salary, Xia Ge went to a small tavern and happily bought a pot of wine and even treated herself to a string of sugar-coated haws. Then she went to the village to find a carpenter to fix her house.

After shouting for help to bring down the scythe, Xia Ge went to the tavern to buy several pots of good wine for the helpers, treated them to a meal, settled the payment with the carpenter, and finally finished repairing the house.

However, the hard-earned fortune of one or two silver coins was now gone.

By the time she finished packing up, the sun had set and the bright moon was up in the sky.

Lighting a candle, Xia Ge used her teeth to pull the bandage, tightened the wound on her hand, and looked bitterly at the black scythe leaning against the corner of the room.

Yesterday, she had acted heroically and although she had used the dragon jade to block most of the damage from the scythe, the sharpness had still injured her hand.

"Sigh, life is not easy, we must cherish it."

Hooking the bandage with one hand, Xia Ge tied a knot on the back of her hand and sighed.

System: "Then why keep the scythe?"

Should she sell it and exchange it for some silver coins?
The cabin was very small, with few belongings. It was not an exaggeration to say that it was empty. A black scythe was placed upside down in the corner, and its curved blade shone with a cold light under the dim candlelight.

Xia Ge said, "I'm afraid of ghosts, but the scythe can ward them off."

The system remained silent.

Xia Ge ignored the system's lack of response. She was truly afraid of ghosts.

She took out the dragon jade from her bosom. The dragon-shaped jade pendant was missing its right horn and emitted a warm light under the dim candlelight. It contrasted with the white bandage wrapped around her left hand, which was as white as snow.

"Thank you," she said.

"The Ghost Dragon Jade," the system interjected. "Wasn't it originally Ye Ze's?"

"Yes," Xia Ge said. "It was indeed his."

The Ghost Dragon Jade was a jade stone that housed a dragon's soul. It could ward off evil spirits and ghosts.

The male lead had few opportunities in the early stages of the story, and the Ghost Dragon Jade was one of his opportunities. Unfortunately, Xia Ge had taken it first because she was afraid of ghosts.

She only wanted to see a ghost once in her lifetime.

"I've borrowed it for so many years. It's time to find an opportunity to return it to him," Xia Ge said, tossing the jade in her hand and raising her eyebrows slightly. "I'm a little reluctant, but since it belongs to that coward, I'll return it."

He would eventually reach the peak of his career through hardships.

The Ghost Dragon Jade would only recognize him as its master.

The system scoffed, "I really can't tell."

At the same time, in the Council Hall of the Lingxi Peak.

A terrifying-looking woman in a vest lay in the center of the hall. Standing at the head of the council hall was an old lady with white hair, half-closing her eyes and holding a white feather duster in her hand. Standing below her were two men and a woman.
The woman was wearing a plain Danfeng dress with a red hairband tied around her head. Her skin was as white as snow, her face porcelain-like, her black pupils deep and her lips naturally red. She was quite beautiful. She stood on the left side of the old man, slightly bowing her head. On the right side of the old man were two men. One had thick eyebrows and big eyes, wearing a Bai Shou robe with his black hair tied up with a yellow hairband. He was two feet tall and quite imposing. The only thing that seemed out of place was a small yellow bird perched on his shoulder. The bird was quiet, occasionally pecking at its feathers with its red beak.

The other man was a young man dressed in a Jianfeng blue robe, with long hair tied up with a blue hairband and a jade sword at his waist. His eyes were pitch black, and he stood with his hands tied, exuding a refined temperament.

The old man looked at the clothes on the ground and spoke with a hoarse voice, "Is this sent by the Demon Cult?"

The girl in the red and white maple dress shook her head, "I don't know."

"The clothes demon's death was very decisive." The old man smiled slightly, "Jiu'er, is this what the Danfeng sect does?"

Gu Peiju's voice was indifferent, "Yes."

"It's rare for Danfeng to have such a good martial arts seedling." The old man coughed and looked at the woman controlled by the clothes demon, his expression showing some pity, "She must have been sent by the Demon Cult to steal our secrets, but it's a pity."

Gu Peiju remained silent.

"Dispose of her."

"Yes."

A disciple in white clothes took the woman on the ground away.

"Jiu'er, is Danfeng's affairs still hard?"

The old man asked.

Gu Peiju's voice was indifferent, "It's fine with the help of Chang Shixiong and Baili Xiong."

The old man sighed softly, looking at the young man on his right, "Your Chang Shixiong is also busy with the affairs of the Zhi branch. He came to represent Jianfeng's affairs, also because of the Chu family's daughter in Lingxi."

"The Master overestimates me."

The young man in blue slightly bowed, "Although the Chang family and the Chu family have some friendship, I am also a candidate for the Jianfeng inner disciple. These affairs are what I should do, and have nothing to do with the Chu family."

The old man sighed, "The next Jianfeng Wenhui will still need three years... These three years, I still have to trouble you."

"Yes." The young man nodded.

The man in the Bai Shou robe remained silent, his bird tilting its small head. Its black eyes were like grains of rice, shining with a faint light.
