The blood-red sunset slanted across the sky. Xia Ge walked down the mountain with the girl on his back. The purple color in his eyes had slowly faded. The system hesitated for a moment before speaking, "I think he definitely remembers you."

"Uh, it doesn't matter," Xia Ge replied, whistling. "Everyone remembers Xia Ge. Who knows who Xia Wu Yin is?"

The system remained silent. Xia Ge continued, "Today, after Senior Sister left, I took a look at the skills while waiting for the pill to form. If I remember correctly, the upgraded Soul Stealing skill has the ability to create vague memories, right?"

No wonder you're so arrogant, the system thought.

"Yes, it does, but the others will recognize you," the system replied.

"I didn't use Soul Stealing on them, and my name is fake. What's there to worry about?" Xia Ge retorted.

The two bickered all the way down the mountain. After reaching the bottom, Xia Ge took the girl to the doctor and paid for her medical expenses anonymously.

"Ah...I'm getting poorer and poorer," Xia Ge sighed.

After leaving the doctor's house, Xia Ge took out a half-shining piece of glass from his pocket. He looked upset and said to it, "Xiao Kui, because of my heroic actions, Senior Sister will forgive me for secretly cutting the remaining half of the glass, right?"

The system thought to itself, "Sooner or later, Senior Sister will kick you out of Dan Feng Mountain."

Suddenly, the system had a realization. No wonder the furnace exploded! Without the glass as an ingredient, what kind of elixir did you make? Carbon balls?!

The system was worried about the poor Junior Brother who mistook carbon balls for a divine elixir.

The system decided to gently remind the host, "About that 'divine elixir'..."

"Hey, don't get the wrong idea. Although I cut half of it, I followed the instructions in the alchemy book for the materials! This is the leftover piece!" Xia Ge replied, touching his chin strangely. "After finishing the elixir, I found that I had an extra piece of glass..."

Senior Sister couldn't have given her more materials than necessary...right?

...Right.
Translation:

Xia Ge looked at the piece of glass wood in his hand and suddenly thought of the words the girl in the red and white maple clothes said when she left the Dan Ge.

"Xia Wuyin."

"The remaining useless materials, you can dispose of them."

In an instant, Xia Ge suddenly felt that the glass wood in his hand was a bit hot.

This glass wood, is it also... useless material?

But... it does seem to be the remaining... right?

"...forget it."

Xia Ge threw the glass wood into his pocket and simply stopped himself from thinking too much. "Let's go back."

System: "Host, where do you plan to sell this glass wood?"

Xia Ge: "..."

For a moment, Xia Ge remembered the elegant figure of the girl in the red and white maple clothes following the white-clothed boy out of the Su Xi Dan Ge.

"Not selling it."

Xia Ge tilted his head, with a faint smile on his lips. "How can I sell it to someone else when a beauty gave it to me?"

System: "Host, did I forget to tell you that this kind of material that can be used to refine puppets can be exchanged for points in the mall?"

Xia Ge silently opened the point mall, and sure enough, found the "Exchange Points" button in the upper left corner: "Ah, you did forget to tell me."

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for successfully selling the item {glass wood} and obtaining X10 points!]

System: ???

System: "..."

Xia Ge touched his empty pocket, looking surprised. "Huh, it's sold just like that? One piece of glass wood is only worth ten sanitary napkins, is it that cheap?"

What kind of rubbish conversion method is ten sanitary napkins? =皿=

System: "Wait a minute, host, didn't you just say..."

(Note: The last sentence is cut off and may not be a complete sentence.)
Xia Ge had an innocent look on her face. "Hmm? Did I say something just now?"

The system was gloomy. "You said that a beauty should not be sold to others."

"But Xiao Kui is not someone else, he is our own people."

The system replied with a pause. "..."

"Please uninstall me."

Goodbye.

Xia Ge didn't care about the system's depression and after fiddling around for a while, it was already dark outside. The village was very quiet, with only a dim light shining.

Although there was no curfew in the small village, the people of Lingxi had a very regular schedule, strictly working from sunrise to sunset. After a busy day, the small village was now very quiet.

Xia Ge wandered back to her small house and looked at the door of the small wooden house next to hers, which was tightly closed with no lights on. Ye Ze had not returned.

"Huh..."

Xia Ge rubbed her chin. "He hasn't come back yet."

The system said coolly, "That's good."

"What are you afraid of? I've already given away my invincible Mary Sue Revival Pill," Xia Ge said.

The system replied, "Isn't it the Mary Sue Revival Pill that can revive all things and make them invincible?"

Xia Ge said, "Xiao Kui is right, he's really smart."

The system replied, "Can you please be serious?"

Xia Ge pushed open her own door without changing her expression. "Recently, under the influence of my senior sister, I really want to learn and can't sleep, the kind of thinking that lasts day and night."

The system said, "..."
The system didn't want to comment anymore, so let it be, Buddha.

After lighting a candle, Xiage glanced at the giant sickle shining under the candlelight in the corner, lost in thought.

"Little Puppet."

The system reluctantly replied, "Hmm?"

"Do you sell anything that can shrink items?"

The system subtly reminded, "Host, you may need more sanitary pads."

Xiage said, "Shut up and give me an answer."

The system said, "Yes."

Xiage said, "Show me what I can afford, thank you."

The system said, "..."

Xiage opened the credit mall, and the system put the item that can shrink items at the forefront.

"[Shrinking Potion], apply it to shrink items, but the downside is that it cannot be restored to its original size, use with caution... PASS."

"[Compression Capsule], compress items into small capsules. Disposable item. Disadvantage: too small and easy to lose (PS: diameter of three millimeters)."

Xiage said, "...What's three millimeters?"

The system said, "You can't afford three centimeters."

Xiage was shocked by the system's simple and rude reply, and her hand shook, accidentally swiping to the end, where a row of blood-red letters were particularly eye-catching -

"[Cubic Tail Ring], daily special item, two cubic meters of space, you deserve to have it!"

Xiage's eyes suddenly lit up. "Great stuff!"

The system said, "Um..."

Xiage pounded her hand. "That's it!"

The system said, "Wait..."
【Ding! Congratulations to the host for spending 15 points to obtain the item "Cubic Tail Ring"!】

Two cubic meters! It's really like getting whatever you need!

Buy, buy, buy!

In the next moment, a gentle breeze swept through the small room, and sparkling and beautiful light spots floated in the wind, forming a small tornado. In the center of the tornado, a slender silver tail ring shone brightly under the light, as beautiful as moonlight.

【Cubic space tail ring randomly teleported, with tornado teleportation effect attached】

Xia Ge reached out and grabbed the ring from the center of the tornado. The silver tail ring was shining in her palm, feeling cold to the touch.

"So pretty."

She opened her palm, and the black pupils reflected the sparkling silver ring. The information about the ring quickly unfolded in her mind.

【Flowing Silver】

【Additional effect: Automatically hidden, cannot be seen by others (can be lifted)】

【Effect: Two cubic meters of space】

【Defect: Occasionally there may be a malfunction where items cannot be taken out.】【Red letters】【Bold】

Xia Ge stared at the bold red letters at the bottom for a long time.

The system coughed, "I made you wait for a while..."

Xia Ge: "..."

The system tried to comfort her, "It's okay, you get what you pay for. Good things are not cheap..."

Xia Ge: "..." Shut up, really.

The system persisted, "The daily specials in the points mall are actually quite good..."

Xia Ge tried to express her sarcasm with a couple of laughs, but suddenly stopped after scanning the crappy items on sale, such as the "3mm shrinking capsule" and "shrinking potion", and some other crappy stuff.

...Forget it, it's not that bad.

Xia Ge comforted herself. It's just fifteen sanitary napkins, just buy something pretty to play with.
She put the ring on her right pinky finger. The silver ring shone brightly under the moonlight, like flowing silver.

Xia Ge reached for the black sickle in front of her and touched the sharp, cold blade. The silver tail ring flashed a light, and the sickle suddenly disappeared.

Xia Ge waved her hand slightly, and the silver tail ring flashed again. The next moment, the black sickle handle was in her hand, and the chain at the end of the handle swayed. The sickle hooked with the blade, and the shadow of her holding the sickle was reflected on the wall by the flickering candlelight. Her slender figure and the huge sickle formed a sharp contrast, as if she were the death reaper harvesting souls in the night.

The system hesitated a bit. "Host, an excellent puppeteer wouldn't use a puppet's weapon..."

Xia Ge turned the sickle in her hand, gripped it with both hands, and with a "clatter," the sickle handle broke into three pieces, each connected to a black chain that clinked with her movements.

"NONONO--"

Xia Ge shook her head. "I think, to become an excellent puppeteer, you must first become an excellent puppet."

The system: "???"

Xia Ge looked at the sickle in her hand and smiled slightly. "Those demonized puppets don't even understand the weapons in their own hands. The puppeteers who control them must have really poor skills."

The system: "..."

It couldn't find a reason to refute her.

After thinking for a moment, the system spoke from experience, "When puppeteers were prevalent, there was a branch of puppeteers called demonized puppeteers, who specialized in controlling those puppets that had been demonized."

"Demonized puppets have extremely powerful attack capabilities, but are particularly difficult to control. At that time, if a demonized puppet was destroyed, it was considered to have been 'laid to rest,' so this branch was particularly despised."

"However, those who can become demonized puppeteers are very powerful."

Xia Ge raised her eyebrows slightly, restored the sickle that had been broken into three pieces, took back the ring, and asked casually, "Is that amazing puppeteer you mentioned also a demonized puppeteer?"

The system was unusually silent.

"Forget it if you don't want to say. I don't necessarily have to know," Xia Ge shrugged.

"...It's nothing." The system paused for a moment and changed the subject. "[Flowing Silver] is the best-looking one among those special rings. It's cheap for you."

"Oh, is this an internal discount from Little Puppet for me?" Xia Ge grinned. "I knew Little Puppet was the best to me."

"Hmph, I said it's cheap for you."

Although grumbling, the system's mood improved a little. It seemed that the host could still speak like a human.
The next second.

Xia Ge glanced at the beautiful ring on her slender finger and said, "But for things like this, practicality is more important. Being too beautiful is just ostentatious."

The system: "..." It's really not enjoyable for more than three seconds.

"...Host, you're a little girl! You should understand the difference between being a girl and a little girl!"

Xia Ge humored the system, "Yes, yes, I'm a girl, a little girl, and the most beautiful girl and little girl."

The system: "..."

"Okay, okay, the beautiful little girl needs to go to bed now."

Xia Ge unwrapped the bandages on her hand and neck, and looked at the scar on her neck in the blurry copper mirror. It wasn't very deep and had already healed, but she still couldn't get it wet. Perhaps because children recover quickly, her hand injury was already half healed, but she still couldn't touch it, as it would still hurt.

Avoiding the wound, she took off the ring and threw it on the table. After carefully washing up, when Xia Ge wiped her face, she accidentally saw the moonlight leaking through the broken window, shining on the slender ring on the table, sparkling and shining, as beautiful as a dream.

- Flowing Silver.

As beautiful as its name.

Putting the towel aside, Xia Ge put the ring back on her finger and looked at it. Suddenly, she thought of what Xiao Kui had said earlier.

- You're a little girl.

Perhaps the deeper into the night, the more easily it can stir up the innermost demons in a person's heart.

Suddenly, Xia Ge didn't know what her current mood was.

She had almost forgotten.

Once upon a time, she was also a girl who loved beauty.

She would tug on her parents' sleeves and act like a spoiled child, cry over small things, and be happy for a long time after seeing something pretty.

When did she start to change?

The moonlight outside the window shone in, the warm candlelight flickered, and the room was bright.

She had become reckless.
Living recklessly.

Like a wild beast with bloodshot eyes.

After all, in the face of life and death and hunger, there is no pitiable little girl, only the stark reality of being slashed by a sharp blade.

...Forget it.

Xia Ge blew out the candle, climbed onto the bed, curled up in the blanket, and muttered to herself, "...Today, I am a little girl."

If no one will spoil her, then she will spoil herself.

Hmm, tomorrow she will buy a string of sugar-coated haws, just like that.

The moonlight was like water, tranquil and silent. Hiding in the warm blankets, Xia Ge slowly closed her eyes.

A long time later.

The system's soft and faint voice rang out.

"Sweet dreams, little girl."
