Gu Peijiu's gaze turned cold. They were just a pack of wild wolves and there was no need to disturb their host. With a wave of her hand, her mustard seed space cracked open and hundreds of puppets immediately crawled out of it, vying with each other to fight the wolves.

These puppets were all created by Xia Wushuang in her free time. Apart from lacking consciousness, they were almost on par with a profound-level expert.

The puppets engaged in a fierce battle with the wolves, the cold snow reflecting the moonlight of the chilly night. Thick bloody smell permeated the air. The pitch-black eyes of Gu Peijiu shone slightly. Every movement of the puppets was under her control. They dodged and struck with ease, using the simplest actions to make the most effective counterattacks.

Just as Gu Peijiu was completely focused on killing the snow wolves, the smell of blood gradually drifted over.

The smell of blood...

In the warm black tent, the woman slowly opened her eyes, looking a little dazed.

The black aura and the smell of blood spread.

When Gu Peijiu finished off the snow wolves, she suddenly felt that something was wrong. She turned her head and found that Xia Wushuang's tent was wide open and empty!

She looked again and found that there was no breath in Su Chan's tent either!

Both of them were missing!

Gu Peijiu was shocked and panicked. She regretted her negligence. She had only been focused on defending against external enemies and had overlooked what was behind her.

She didn't have time to deal with the snow wolves anymore. She called back her puppet soldiers and turned to search for them.

Where could she go in such a heavy snowstorm?

How many clothes did she wear in such cold weather?

Gu Peijiu was worried, but then she saw a red-clothed girl coming towards her in the swirling snow.

The girl seemed to have seen something terrifying, but also had a hint of obsession. Her lips trembled slightly, but she didn't say a word.

"Where is she?!" Gu Peijiu immediately grabbed the girl's collar, her voice urgent and harsh.

She didn't mention any names, but they all knew who she was referring to.

Su Chan seemed to have come back to her senses and pointed to the small village, still a little dazed. "She's... there."

She hesitated to speak further.
Without hesitation, Gu Peijiu teleported over in an instant!

The smell of blood.

Not from a wolf.

It was...

Human!

Gu Peijiu's pupils slightly contracted, and with a swift movement, she arrived at the source!

She saw a young girl with red pupils like a demon, dressed in a blood-stained white dress, with the corners of her clothes blooming with blood-red spider lilies. In her hand was a blood-stained sword, and in front of her was a middle-aged night watchman kneeling. The paper lantern fell on the snowy ground, burning with candlelight, melting into the blood-stained snow.

A strong smell of blood filled the air.

The young girl felt Gu Peijiu's presence, turned her head and looked at her, and then smiled slightly.

"You..."

The familiar face, with a touch of wickedness, suddenly became unfamiliar.

The clothes were dyed with a strong evil aura.

Gu Peijiu had never seen Xia Wushuang like this before.

The Xia Wushuang in her eyes had always been free and unrestrained, seemingly doing whatever she pleased, but in reality, she was soft-hearted and kind, and the light in her eyes seemed bright but always gentle.

But this person, although she was smiling, had nothing in her eyes but killing intent.

Like an emotionless killing machine.

Xia Wushuang kicked the dead night watchman away, smiled at Gu Peijiu, and her smile was wicked and cold.

The sword pointed to Gu Peijiu's head.

"Reverse fate, ask and punish... save one person," she murmured, the smile on her lips splitting open, "then slaughter all living beings."

"My name is Huoming."

This curse will never end.
Gu Peijiu calmly looked at her and said, "Put down the sword."

Xia Wushuang ignored her and attacked Gu Peijiu with her sword!

Gu Peijiu stood still in her place, and unexpectedly, Xia Wushuang only made a feint attack and disappeared the next moment!

Gu Peijiu was a puppet, and Huoming only killed people!

Gu Peijiu moved like lightning and intercepted Xia Wushuang just as she was about to break in, fiercely pressing her to the ground!

She struck hard, without mercy!

In front of the low threshold, snow and dirt flew across, and Xia Wushuang was instantly pressed down by Gu Peijiu. A powerful wave suddenly spread out, and a huge pit appeared on the ground!

The cold gaze of the white puppet said, "No matter who you are——"

"Get out of her soul."

Xia Wushuang looked at her and laughed, her eyes widened, and she smiled coquettishly, "You killed me."

Gu Peijiu was slightly distracted by her, and the situation suddenly reversed. Xia Wushuang used force to flip over and straddle her, then with a flip, firmly pressed Gu Peijiu into the pit!

"You like me," Huoming narrowed her cold blood eyes, leaned in close to her, and smiled ambiguously, "If you like me, then kill me."

Gu Peijiu stared at her, pursing her lips and saying nothing.

... How could she possibly do it?

At this moment, a voice came from inside the house.

"Mother, what's the noise outside?" The young child asked his mother in a tender voice, "I can't sleep."

"Mother will go and take a look. Close your eyes, my dear."

The sound of dressing quietly followed, and then a soft footsteps.

Huoming's bloody eyes suddenly widened, and the hand holding the sword trembled with excitement, like a wild beast waiting for its prey.

At the moment the latch was pulled open!

Gu Peijiu narrowed her eyes and made a slight gesture with her hand.
The love sword sliced through the cold air, but in the next moment, it was held by a hand!

A white jade hand cut through gold and jade, as Gu Peijiu grabbed the sword and tightly held onto Xia Wushuang with her other hand. As the door slowly opened, they tumbled and rolled into a pile of bricks and tiles on the side.

Xia Wushuang struggled hard, but she was firmly held down by Gu Peijiu!

As the most outstanding puppet master in the Fengyue Continent, Xia Wushuang's body was stronger than an ordinary person's, but she had only just reached the ground level. The puppet leader she had created was naturally unique in the world, only one step away from the heavenly level.

Puppets were the embodiment of a puppet master's ability, and naturally they were stronger than the puppet master.

Therefore, even if there was a calamity, Xia Wushuang would still be suppressed if they really fought.

"Hmm?"

A woman opened the door and found a pit of snow and mud at her doorstep. She suddenly widened her eyes and said, "What happened?"

She was about to take a step forward to look around when she suddenly heard a child crying from inside the house.

"Mother... mother, close the door, come back, Nannan is cold."

The woman immediately closed the door and went back without hesitation.

Xia Wushuang glared at Gu Peijiu, but no matter how hard she struggled, she couldn't move at all. Their clothes were entangled and their skin was touching. She angrily said, "Get lost!"

Controlling puppets with "Control Soul Sound" relied on the voice, or "language spirit".

Under normal circumstances, as long as Xia Wushuang used her language spirit, Gu Peijiu would obediently listen to her. In a calamitous situation, Xia Wushuang's orders to Gu Peijiu would also have a certain influence, as long as it was her voice.

But the residual sound was suddenly suppressed!

Gu Peijiu covered her mouth, her eyes were deeply black, and then she violently tore at Xia Wushuang's clothes!

This was a clothes charm!

The snow-white clothes charm was torn apart!

Xia Wushuang struggled even harder, "Mmm...mmm..."

However, struggling was of no use.
As the demon in her clothes was torn apart, the negative effects slowly disappeared and the blood in Xia Wushuang's eyes faded away. She stared blankly at Gu Peiju, and on the cold snowy ground, their skin touched.

Those were a pair of lifeless black eyes.

As if something had taken over her mind completely, when that thing suddenly disappeared, her mind would go blank, empty and void.

Her eyes were innocent like a baby's, not understanding anything.

On the cold snowy ground, their breathing could be heard.

Being stared at by such eyes, Gu Peiju felt like she was going to die.

It was a moment of soul-stirring sensation, causing ripples that she couldn't control, leaving her brain blank, and without thinking, she kissed her.

Their cold lips intertwined with their hot lips, creating an almost suffocating feeling. It was as cold as snow, yet comforting in every way.

Xia Wushuang's eyes were hazy and lifeless, her long eyelashes trembling. Then slowly, she closed her eyes and lost consciousness.

The person beneath her fainted, and Gu Peiju suddenly came back to her senses. After realizing what she had done, her pupils slightly contracted, and she instinctively covered her chest, which was silent and still.

She was a puppet without a heart.

She stared blankly at Xia Wushuang, who lay quietly on the snowy ground.

Her snow-white face, jet-black long hair, long eyelashes trembling slightly, her broken clothes hanging messily on her body. Gu Peiju forcibly tore the demon out of her body, but it seemed to have attached itself to her clothes. When she tore it off, the demon escaped, but the clothes became tattered.

She seemed to be cold.

Her naked body was faintly visible, beautiful and moving on the dark snowy ground.

Gu Peiju just glanced at her and suddenly closed her eyes, taking off her coat and covering Xia Wushuang's body. She picked her up, took her sword, and was about to head back.

But as she turned around, she saw Su Chan.

The wind and snow were swirling around.
She stared at her angrily, word by word.

"What were you doing just now?!"

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment and casually said, "Did you see what I was doing?"

"I saw what you were doing."

After speaking, she ignored her and walked back.

"Do you know what that thing was just now?" Su Chan restrained her anger and said, "It was the curse of the heavens after she defied fate-"

"Don't think that it's over just like that."

"By doing this, you can only protect her for a while."

The person in her arms seemed to be cold.

Gu Peijiu wrapped the person tightly and activated her spiritual power, causing her body to emit warmth.

The person in her arms snuggled up to her.

Gu Peijiu said calmly, "If I can protect her for a while, then I can protect her for a lifetime."

"Later, Xia Wushuang looked normal during the day, but at night, as long as there was a little stimulation, she would be possessed by a curse."

Doudou said, "But that's not what makes me the saddest."

Gu Peijiu looked at her.

Doudou clenched her fists.

"If it was you, you would understand, right?" She said, "Xia Wushuang likes to get up and do things every night."

Xia Wushuang always liked to come out at night, alone and quiet.
Only at this time, she could be behind her.

Greedily, quietly, gently, guarding this person.

As if this person was her own.

"But since being possessed by the curse..."

"...she never opened her black eyes again at night."

Doudou said, "I searched through all the hidden books at that time, and finally found a compromise."

Gu Peijiu asked, "What method?"

"Melting divine water, transforming divine soul, writing divine array, warding off all evil." Doudou said, "She mentioned it to me before. My soul is the soul of the gods, and divine water is the spring water flowing down from the highest peak of Cloud City. I took the divine water, transformed a piece of my own soul, and carved the array on her sword."

Gu Peijiu was slightly startled, "Ask Qing."

Doudou "hmm" sound was complex, "Only that sword."

Xia Wushuang can change countless clothes, like countless shoes, or change ten thousand pieces of jewelry in an hour.

But that sword called Ask Qing.

Never leaves her side.

At this time, Gu Peijiu remembered the Ask Qing sword she took from Ye Ze's waist on the Evil Spirit Mountain.

The two were born with one soul, and Doudou naturally knew what she was thinking and said, "It's that sword."

Gu Peijiu suddenly realized.

No wonder...when she got that sword on the Evil Spirit Mountain, she felt familiar and handy.

Because the mysterious patterns on it were carved with her own soul as a reference, to ward off evil for Xia Wushuang.
