Chu Yi smiled slightly, "Why is Master Chang so nervous?"

She glanced at Mrs. Chang beside her, who was acting as if nothing had happened, and said with a smile, "Madam Chang has a good temperament."

Mrs. Chang took a sip of tea and calmly said, "Master Chu, evidence is important in everything you do."

Chu Yi smiled slightly, "Of course."

The expression on Chang Ren's face became even more subtle, showing both anger and an inexplicable sense of confidence, as if he had something to rely on.

"Since there are so many people here, I'll be frank," Chu Yi said slowly, "As Young Master Ye said earlier, the Ye family had a genius blacksmith named Ye Bucai a hundred years ago. He spent his whole life refining a piece of ancient clothing called the 'Heavenly Radiance of the Azure Sky', and died without any regrets. The Ye family has always been low-key and afraid that the clothing would cause trouble, so they only passed it down within the family and kept it hidden."

"I'm sure everyone is curious as to why the Ye family's heirloom ended up in White Dream Cave and eventually ended up in the hands of the Chang family for no apparent reason."

At this point, Chu Yi smiled slyly and then changed the subject, "More than a decade ago, the Chang family and the Ye family were very close. The Ye family's patriarch accidentally revealed the location of the clothing when he was drunk..."

Chang Ren's pupils contracted slightly. He waved his hand and someone immediately surrounded Chu Yi, but they were blocked by the maids beside her who were all highly skilled and had clear voices, making it impossible for the Chang family's people to get close.

Chu Yi looked at Chang Ren and smiled, "Master Chang, don't be nervous. I haven't finished yet."

Chang Ren said, "It's all nonsense!"

"Whether it's nonsense or not, someone will judge," Chu Yi said indifferently, "So, Master Chang colluded with the former leader of the Demon Cult, Qin Yue, and used the Demon Cult's power to wipe out the Ye family and steal the Heavenly Radiance of the Azure Sky."

Mrs. Chang's face didn't look good. Apparently, she wasn't completely ignorant of these things.

But she remained calm and said, "Since Master Chu has said this, do you have any evidence? My husband has always been upright and honest. Your baseless accusations are hard for us to accept."

The gazes of the people around them had already changed towards Chang Ren.

Chu Yi slowly took out a letter from her sleeve and said with her slender jade fingers, "No one will believe me if I just say it out of thin air. But I wonder if this love letter that Master Chang sent to the former leader of the Demon Cult can be used as evidence?"

It was the letter that Su Chan had given her at the time.

Thinking of this, Chu Yi's gaze became slightly gloomy, but she still had a faint smile on her face.

As soon as he saw the letter, Chang Ren's face immediately turned ugly.

- It's impossible. When Qin Yue was caught, he had already sent all the letters...
"How is this possible!"

Everyone looked at Chang Ren's expression, obviously recognizing the letter.

Chang Ren calmed down and said, "Master Chu, this is not meaningful. Anyone can bring a letter, and no one knows if it's true or false..."

"In this case, if Master Chang doesn't mind, we can check the aura." Chu Yi didn't care. "The remaining spiritual aura from the letter sent by Master Chang in the past is also easy to recognize."

Chu Yi shook the aura on the letter, and a breath spread out. Someone exclaimed, "This aura... is indeed from Master Chang!"

"How could it be..."

"It's actually true..."

The crowd was in an uproar.

Even Chang's wife couldn't say anything.

Chang Ren's face became even uglier. He heard Chu Yi continue nonchalantly, "Oh, by the way... where did we leave off just now?"

Someone whispered next to her, "The Chang family colluded with the demonic sect and the evil spirit camp to wipe out the Ye family."

She said, "Oh," and smiled lightly. "We left off here. Let me continue."

"After the Chang family obtained the Skyshine Jewel, they deceived Qin Yue and then contacted the righteous people and the 'Rank,' and captured them all, imprisoning them in the Lingxi Sword Peak." Chu Yi said, "But... I'm sure you've all heard that Qin Yue was rescued by the demonic sect's people a few years ago. If Master Chang doesn't admit it... the truth of the matter should be made public, although the demonic sect is punishable by death."

"If Qin Yue were here, she would probably be very pleased with this scene."

She looked up at Chang Ren and chuckled, "What does Master Chang think?"

Chang Ren's face changed unpredictably. After a while, a faint demonic energy spread out, and he laughed, "I don't admit any of these words!"

But this time, no one spoke up for the Chang family.

Chu Yi frowned slightly and stared at Chang Ren. She didn't know if it was an illusion, but she always felt that there was something strange about him.

There was a demonic energy on this old man...

Ye Ze was furious, "Old man, the evidence is here. You can't deny it!"

As soon as he finished speaking, a violent spiritual energy surged from his sword, directly aiming for Chang Ren's head!
Chang Ren's gaze turned cold, and in the next moment, his long arm swept out and a surge of spiritual energy instantly rippled out, deflecting Ye Ze's sword while at the same time a huge barrier instantly enveloped the entire Chang family!

Chu Yi looked around the barrier, her gaze turning cold, and a maid by her side exclaimed in surprise, "What does this old thief want to do?"

Everyone suddenly realized that something was wrong. Someone calmly said, "Why would Chang Ren put up a barrier...?"

Someone close to the barrier cried out, "We can't get out!"

"This barrier can only be entered, not exited!"

"What does Chang Ren want to do?"

Silver butterflies danced gracefully, and a light blue aura rippled out. Chu Yi said, "He has no words to say. I'm afraid he wants to burn all bridges."

Chang's wife was also shocked and widened her eyes, "Husband, you..."

Her pupils suddenly shrank!

An unfamiliar aura emanated from Chang Ren's body. Although the spiritual energy he released was still his, some parts were obviously different! Chang Ren sneered and turned to look at her. A dark red color appeared in his pitch-black eyes.

Wrapped in a gloomy demonic energy, Chang's wife couldn't say a word.

"Could it be that his ugly deeds have been exposed, and now he wants to take us all down?" 

"It's impossible! If he does this—" 

"..."

Various speculations were made below. It was originally a good banquet, but now there were thick firecracker fragments on the ground, and it inexplicably gave off a sense of gloom.

Amidst the noise, Chang's wife's lips trembled. If it were Chang Ren himself, he would not be so impulsive, but this person beside her... was not her husband!

No... or rather, he was, but he wasn't!

Ye Ze's attack was deflected, but he didn't care. He raised his sword and continued to attack!

Chang Ren heard a sinister voice in his ear, full of blatant temptation, "Your secrets have all been exposed... none of these people can leave! But I can help you..."

"According to our previous deal..." 

Before, Huo Ming had possessed Xia Ge and obtained a hidden power from her that could devour souls and control the bodies of those it devoured!
"After I devour the souls of these people, you will have nothing to worry about..."

"Clang!"

With the condensation of spiritual energy in his hand, Chang Ren's ice-cold long sword formed instantly. The clash between Ye Ze's Ye Sword and Chang Ren's spiritual energy sword created countless dazzling sparks.

"Your secret will always be a secret," Huo Ming tempted in a low voice. "Those whose souls are devoured will serve you as their master... You will become the biggest winner under the [Rank]—"

Chang Ren raised his eyes and looked at Ye Ze, his eyes filled with greed. Rolling demonic energy emanated from him.

Ye Ze was startled by his gaze. Chang Ren suddenly drew his sword, and a huge force erupted, flipping Ye Ze over.

Chang Ren's voice was cold. "Deal."

At that moment, Chang Ren's clothes turned snow-white, and a fierce ghostly and demonic energy emanated from him.

Ye Ze tumbled in the air and landed steadily. The hand holding the sword trembled slightly, and cold sweat broke out on his forehead. He did not have a good rapport with the Celestial Radiance, and the power of the Celestial Sword was only barely activated using the secret technique taught to him by Madam Ye. Although the Celestial Radiance recognized the bloodline of the Ye family, it did not fully recognize him.

The reason why the Ancient Clothes Demons were powerful was precisely because of their proud and self-centered souls that chose their masters. The Chu Dao Sacrificial Spirit had guarded the Chu family for five hundred years, and except for Chu Yao, no descendant of the Chu family could make the Chu Dao Sacrificial Spirit truly recognize them. The Celestial Radiance was even more arrogant. Although Ye Ze was the son of destiny, the disruption of the Heavenly Dao trajectory by Xia Ge, coupled with his painful and guilty obsession with "Xia Wu Yin," had kept Ye Ze at the Profound level for too long, and his strength was greatly reduced compared to when he should have obtained the Celestial Radiance. Only the destiny recognized by the Heavenly Dao was naturally noble, which barely allowed the Celestial Radiance to recognize him. But if he were to use it to its full capacity, it would still depend on his performance.

So, in other words, Ye Ze was still in the Ancient Clothes Demons' probationary period, and he had come to the Chang family with his sword.

Chang Ren had obtained the Celestial Radiance earlier but had never used it. On the one hand, it was because of its illegitimate origin, and on the other hand, it was because he had no way to make the Celestial Radiance recognize his soul. Therefore, he could not use it.

Putting aside the idle talk, after Chang Ren reached a deal with Huo Ming, the demonic energy on his body became heavier and heavier!

"What is that?!"

"Such a strong demonic energy!!"

"Has Chang the old thief already fallen into the demonic path?"

"This power is so terrifying! Quickly find a way to break the barrier—"

Chang Ren sneered. "You can't break it!"

He raised his sword, his voice cold. "Today, you will all die here!!"
The crowd was both shocked and angry. "Chang Zei, you better think twice! This is your son's wedding banquet. If we-"

"You won't be able to say anything," Chang Ren said coldly. "Rest assured."

His cold gaze fell on Chu Yi below, and a cruel smile appeared on his lips. "Chu family's patriarch, if you lose your soul, can you be of use to me..."

Silver butterflies fluttered around Chu Yi, and the maids tightly surrounded her. Ye Ze drew his sword and stood in front of Chu Yi. "You can forget about it!"

Huo Ming laughed and replied to Chang Ren, "Naturally! But before that, it's better not to have irrelevant people here!"

As soon as Huo Ming finished speaking, countless eerie spirits emanated from him. Black souls rushed out of the snow and headed towards the boundary outside! In no time, the Wind City where the Chang family was located was surrounded by countless evil spirits!

Someone recognized the person in the soul and exclaimed, "Big brother!!?"

"Isn't that..."

"Why?!"

"My big brother was still in the Heroes' Order before. How can this old thief have his soul?!"

...

These evil spirits were all the souls left over after Huo Ming had devoured them!

The evil spirits surrounded the city!

Chang Ren sneered, "None of you can leave!"

= =

From Chang'an to Wind City, ten miles of red wedding attire.

Chang Lan wore a groom's outfit and rode a tall horse, with a red sedan behind him, swaying.

Chang Nian followed behind Chang Lan and wasn't very happy.

He thought for a moment and whispered to Chang Lan, "Elder brother..."

Chang Lan glanced at him and said, "If it's about that little demon girl, there's no need to say more."

Chang Nian's words were blocked, and he said with depression, "...then congratulations on your wedding, elder brother."
A group of people were walking forward when suddenly someone laughed and said, "Hey, there's a new bride here, will you distribute the wedding candy?"

Chu Yao, who had been resting with her eyes closed in the sedan chair, suddenly opened her eyes!

The group immediately stopped. It was a barren land around them. Chang Lan pulled the white horse and looked around but saw no one. The next moment, his long sword was unsheathed as he said, "Who?! Come out!"

"I'm right above your head!"

A cold wind blew behind Chang Lan's head!

"Clang!"

Chang Lan's long sword and the black sickle shone brilliantly in the bright sunlight, reflecting a cold and stern light!

One strike missed, and the girl rolled agilely and landed in front of the convoy. She wore black clothes and a white cloud-patterned belt fluttered around her waist. She wore a neat fox mask and held a black sickle with elegant cloud patterns, exuding powerful spiritual power!

Someone exclaimed in surprise, "Who are you?!"

The masked girl replied, "Your lady is here!"

Chang Nian already knew who it was and had a subtle expression. Chang Lan paused for a moment and also guessed, "It's you!"

"What are you here for?"

Xia Ge failed to show off and simply swung her sickle, "Your lady is here to steal the bride!"

Chu Yao, who was in the sedan chair, listened to the voices outside and felt complicated emotions for a moment.

Chang Lan sneered, "Just you?"

Xia Ge was frustrated. What was wrong with her? Couldn't she do it alone? Just as she was about to retort, she felt a warm and soft wind behind her, and a familiar fragrance wafted over.

A gentle force.

"And me."

The girl stood silently behind Xia Ge, dressed in white, with a red silk ribbon fluttering in the wind. Her black eyes were indifferent, and her voice was calm and cold, as if she didn't care, but it was absolutely convincing.

As she appeared, time seemed to stand still for a moment.

Gu Peijiu.
The person who defeated a group of heroes without any resistance is Gu Peijiu.
