"Senior Sister..."

Xia Ge pulled at Gu Peiju's sleeve, her eyes rolling around. "Are we not going to prepare anything? People always prepare some food before going on a campaign..."

Gu Peiju flipped through her book and said, "I heard the scenery in the south is very beautiful."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Xia Ge pounced on Gu Peiju like a hungry tiger, grabbing her by the collar of her redwood chair. "I'm talking to you, Senior Sister! I think the East Sea sounds good."

Gu Peiju separated the pages of her book and covered Xia Ge's head with it. "Just be quiet for these few days."

Xia Ge was not convinced and covered Gu Peiju's head with the book on her own head. "Why not? We can't just do nothing!"

Gu Peiju calmly placed her hand where it shouldn't be. "Then what should we do?"

Xia Ge said, "..."

Xia Ge was upset. "I'm talking to you about serious matters. Don't be so dishonest."

Gu Peiju saw that the little girl was really getting angry, so she reached out and rubbed her head. "These few days, there's been a lot of rumors outside."

Xia Ge was not convinced. "How do you know that if you've been here the whole time?"

Gu Peiju said, "..."

Seeing that Gu Peiju was not speaking, Xia Ge suddenly became as excited as if she had discovered her wife's little treasure trove. "You're really hiding something from me! If you want me to forgive you, I'll do it today! I'll be on top! "

Gu Peiju said, "..."

Seeing that Gu Peiju still wasn't speaking, Xia Ge pulled at her clothes. "Come on, don't keep everything from me. Just tell me."

Gu Peiju didn't plan on telling her about the situation with the heroes' order that would cause her to worry.

Um...she couldn't say it.

Gu Peiju was thinking about it when suddenly her ear was bitten.

The girl's breath was soft and sweet, with a soft and fragrant taste. "If you don't tell me, I'll run away from home and not want you anymore... Anyway, once I'm outside, I'll know everything..."

The ear was a sensitive spot, and Gu Peiju's whole body went soft. At the words, her face turned slightly red, and finally she sighed. No matter how firm her resolve was, she couldn't resist this little girl's persistent and cunning tactics.
Xia Ge saw Gu Peiju wavering and was overjoyed. He pressed his head against her chest, taking advantage of the situation and acting cute, "Senior sister, I'm listening. If you're lying, your heartbeat will be different!"

Gu Peiju: "......"

...No need to listen, it was already different.

Just as she was thinking this, Xia Ge shamelessly asked, "Huh, why is it beating so fast? Oh, senior sister, you haven't said anything yet!"

The system: "......"

If only it were Gu Peiju, it would have dragged this person out and beaten them up.

After Xia Ge finished acting cute, she changed her position in Gu Peiju's arms, feeling content while saying, "Speak, senior sister, I'm listening. If it beats slowly, then you're lying!"

Gu Peiju touched her head, somewhat helpless, "We have to wait and do nothing these few days. Chang Family has issued a challenge to hunt you down, and Huoming is also after you. He wants to take a bite out of you from time to time. It's too dangerous to go out like this."

"Challenge?"

They had been living a peaceful life for too long, and Xia Ge almost returned everything she learned from Danfeng to the old man. It took her a while to react to what a challenge was, and she immediately jumped up, "What? A challenge from Chang Family's leader? Qin Shuang's illegitimate daughter is also involved?! Why doesn't he become a monk if he doesn't recognize his own family?!"

Gu Peiju pinched her shoulder.

Xia Ge pretended to be upset and changed her position in Gu Peiju's arms, "This is too much, isn't it, senior sister? Really, oh, a little more to the right, comfortable... the left shoulder too!"

Gu Peiju smiled, "Why aren't you listening anymore?"

Xia Ge, who had just switched sides and had her ear pressed against her right chest, replied, "..."

Xia Ge pretended to be sincere, "I believe senior sister won't lie to me. I really trust you. Sigh, when I heard your heartbeat just now, it was beating so fast. If I discovered an irregular heartbeat, it would be a sin."

Gu Peiju: "......"

Senior sister wouldn't lie to her, but sometimes she would choose to hide things selectively.

Ah, the art of language.

As she thought this, Xia Ge turned her head again and pressed her ear against Gu Peiju's left chest.

It was really soft.
Translation:

Xia Ge pondered.

Gu Peijiu: "..."

The senior sister's heart beat slightly faster, sounding steady and reassuring.

System: "Aren't you afraid of causing your senior sister to have an irregular heartbeat?"

Xia Ge: "It's okay, don't you have some quick-acting heart medication to sell?"

System: "..."

Gu Peijiu continued, "The Heroes' Order is nothing to fear, but I'm worried that misfortune will find you again."

Xia Ge was confused, "Why would it come after me again? What is it about me that attracts this thing?"

This explanation was a bit long and complicated.

"It's..."

Gu Peijiu thought about how to say it, and as she calmed down, her heart rate slowed slightly.

Xia Ge couldn't take it anymore and cried out, "Senior sister is lying! Senior sister is lying to me! I don't care, I'm going up there today!"

Gu Peijiu remained calm, "I haven't said anything yet."

Xia Ge choked, "..."

Xia Ge put her head down in frustration, "Oh, then tell me."

Gu Peijiu thought for a moment and said lightly, "Your soul is very attractive to it."

Xia Ge was stunned, then seemed to understand, "Ah..."

She was a soul from another world, and would attract strange things, which wasn't really that strange.

Was it because of this that she was being targeted by misfortune?

Gu Peijiu observed her reaction and slowly said, "Misfortune is a curse created by fate, and you are a cursed soul."

Xia Ge's first reaction was, "Why did fate curse me? Did I owe it money?"
But soon, she felt guilty. It seemed like her entry into the book had unintentionally changed many plotlines. Ye Ze, who was originally a genius, now seemed to have achieved nothing because of her meddling...

The more she thought about it, the more she realized that bullying the son of destiny was like bullying the son of heaven. Strictly speaking, it was almost like owing a debt.

When she thought about how she was currently being punished by fate, Xia Ge couldn't help but feel like crying without tears: "Am I, a law-abiding citizen, also being punished by fate?"

Seeing that Xia Ge was almost done being fooled, Gu Peijiu patted her head and said, "It's okay, I'm here for you."

Since she found out she was being targeted by "fate", the little girl had been acting like a thief being watched by the police. When she sneaked out, she would occasionally look up at the sky and mutter, "Isn't fate supposed to be something like the Nine Heavens' Blue Thunder and Purple Lightning..."

Oh, she said it wrong. Even though she knew she might get struck by lightning, the little girl still persevered in going up the mountain to steal the monkeys' winter fruits.

In her own words, the monkeys were smarter and picked the freshest and most diverse fruits. If she followed them up the mountain, she could easily grab a handful of just-ripe fruits without having to pick them herself.

The system said, "...The Blue Thunder and Purple Lightning really went easy on you. If I were fate, I would have sent you the Nine Heavens' Mysterious Thunder."

Xia Ge humbly replied while holding a pile of fruits, "You're too kind, you're too kind."

Late at night.

Xia Ge slept soundly, but her hand still held onto Gu Peijiu's clothes tightly.

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, gently removed her hand, and got out of bed.

She pushed open the door.

On the stone steps lay a letter sealed with wax.

This was the latest message sent by the secret guards of the black market.

Gu Peijiu picked it up and just as she was about to open it, she felt a slight warmth around her waist.

The girl hugged her from behind, resting her head on her shoulder. The gentle moonlight shone down on them, and Gu Peijiu's fair fingers cast a delicate shadow on the letter as she folded it.

Gu Peijiu let out a soft sigh. "Are you awake?"

Xia Ge mumbled, "Mm," but then after a while realized what was happening and said, "I'm sleepwalking, don't mind me."

Gu Peijiu: "..."
Gu Peijiu helplessly said, "What do you want to ask? Go ahead."

Xia Ge giggled and asked, "What do you like about me?"

Gu Peijiu hesitated and said, "I can't really explain it."

Xia Ge pretended to be sad and said, "Oh, so that means there's nothing about me that you like."

Gu Peijiu thought for a moment and said, "No, it's just that I like everything about you, it's not just one thing."

Xia Ge sounded even sadder and said, "So you only love my body, not my soul. You're such a shallow woman."

The system was confused.

Gu Peijiu thought for a moment and said, "I like you..."

She turned her body and gently hugged the barefoot girl who had rushed over, kissed her forehead, and said, "I like the way you are."

Xia Ge nodded in satisfaction and said, "Okay, I forgive you."

After a pause, she added, "I don't care about your private matters, but you can't leave me."

Gu Peijiu put the girl on the bed, covered her with a blanket, and said, "Okay."

Xia Ge tugged at her clothes and said warily, "Aren't you going to bed? Where are you going?"

The system cursed silently. What bed?

Gu Peijiu didn't care about the bed and just looked at the girl, who was trying to act nonchalant but was clearly worried. Her heart ached a little, and she pulled up a small chair and sat next to her, saying, "I'm not going anywhere."
"Oh..." Xia Ge glanced at the letter in her hand and probably understood where Gu Peijiu had heard the "rumor" from, but she didn't care. She tugged at her clothes and said seriously, "I'm going to sleep."

Then she stared at her without moving.

Gu Peijiu was overjoyed and kissed her lips, "Goodnight."

Xia Ge lay down contentedly, confident that she would have a good dream tonight.
