Xia Ge said, "Yeah, I agree. So, to prevent such a tragedy from happening, we need to get out quickly."

A Chan smiled slightly, "The young master is very good at motivating people."

Xia Ge replied seriously, "Yes, that's right."

As they spoke, they were actually walking very slowly.

This time, the stone path was still illuminated by night pearls every three steps, but there were no murals or formations in between, just emptiness.

"A Chan, what does the blue deer you saw look like?" Xia Ge asked casually.

"It has blue plum blossoms on its body," A Chan's voice was gentle, "A few days ago, when I was tired from embroidering my wedding dress, I fell asleep and heard a child singing 'Lost deer, lost and unable to return.' Yesterday, I had a dream and saw the deer. When I woke up, I was in this stone room."

Lost on the road, unable to return.

Could A Chan also be a person with past karma?

"Have you seen other places?" Xia Ge asked.

"I'm naturally timid," A Chan's voice was mournful, "I'm afraid of encountering ghosts and monsters, so I dare not wander around."

"Oh..."

Xia Ge stopped talking and continued to move forward with A Chan on his back.

This time, the stone path seemed particularly long, and they had been walking for a long time without reaching the end.

"Gurgle..."

Xia Ge's footsteps stopped, his face expressionless, "Hmm...I'm hungry."

Suddenly, he was hungry, and it was a very, very hungry feeling.

A Chan widened her eyes slightly, "Young master...?"

"It's okay, let's keep going."

Xia Ge didn't say anything and continued to move forward with A Chan on his back. A Chan was very light, and he didn't even feel her weight.
The system was a bit worried, "Host, are you okay? If we can't find a way out..."

"I will find a way out."

Xia Ge sighed, "I still need to get the leader."

If you put in effort, you must have results. If you promise something, you must follow through. That's why life is tiring.

"Master, look... it seems like it's the end," A-chan's voice was surprised. "There's a wall ahead."

Xia Ge looked up and sure enough, a stone wall blocked her path. Half of a colorful mural was painted on the wall.

On the half of the colorful mural, a woman dressed in a thin blue shirt stood on top of a mountain, with misty clouds surrounding her. Her clothes fluttered in the wind, her eyes were cold and determined, her hands were like white jade, and she lightly played a bone flute. Her black hair fluttered in the wind, and she was truly peerless in the world. The bottom half of the mural was missing, and the green hills were cut off halfway, so the view below could not be seen.

Beside the mural, there was a poetic phrase that was written in a lively and vigorous manner.

Xia Ge leaned on A-chan and thought with some difficulty, "...the ancestor is standing so high up...and wearing such thin clothes, isn't she cold?"

The system: "..."

Since she couldn't get the approval she imagined from Xiao Kui, Xia Ge could only regretfully look at the poem next to her and read it out word by word.

"The bone-chilling flute sound of the white bones is gone, and the sad song ends...the soul is finally at peace."

Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly.

- Soul at peace?!

A coincidence...or not?

"Little Master...so, where exactly is this? And who is the person in the mural?" A-chan's voice was soft and curious.

"I think this is the tomb of Lingxi Ancestor," Xia Ge said. "The person in the mural should be Lingxi Ancestor...I didn't expect that the ancestor could also play the flute, she's really talented."

She couldn't play the flute.

"So it's Lingxi Ancestor," A-chan looked as if she understood. "Then...does the Master have a way to get through here?"

Xia Ge looked at the wall with some difficulty. "...Although this is quite disrespectful to our ancestors, judging from the situation, we can only break through it, right?"
System: "......"

Achan forced a smile, "Why doesn't the young master think of another solution?"

Xia Ge carefully leaned Achan against the stone wall on the side, then tapped the mural with her sickle, making a "thud" sound.

Sure enough, it was a wall, not solid. Xia Ge was suddenly very confident. She turned her head to Achan and said, "Wait a minute, don't worry, it will be fine soon."

After speaking, she raised her hand and swung her sickle towards the head of Lingxi Patriarch in the mural!

Achan: "Young master, please show mercy!!"

System: "Host, do not disrespect the ancestors--"

However, before Xia Ge's sickle even touched the mural, a dazzling golden light suddenly shone from the wall! Then a huge force violently threw Xia Ge back--

A strange flute sound quietly rang out. In this deep underground tomb, the sound was not eerie, but rather gave people a sense of leisure and comfort.

Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted. In the instant she was thrown back, she activated her Ghost Shadow technique, turned around in the air, and landed steadily on the ground.

The golden light dissipated, and the stone wall actually broke open on its own!

The flute sound lowered slightly, and a few melodious tunes gradually disappeared along with the splashing stones.

Xia Ge stood up. Behind the broken wall was an incredibly spacious stone room. The room was brilliantly illuminated, and Xia Ge's eyes were stung by the light. She squinted and looked carefully, unable to help but exclaim.

Countless night pearls were embedded on the walls of the room like they were worthless. The floor of the room was not the stone slab seen before, but a layer of glass that reflected the light of the night pearls. At first glance, it seemed to reflect countless stars, beautiful beyond compare.

The flute sound disappeared.

Xia Ge walked closer, but didn't dare to step in. She cautiously looked at the shining stone room in front of her, "...is this the end?" Achan stood up beside her, her red sleeves fluttering, her voice gentle, "It seems so."

Xia Ge: "...Isn't this a tomb? Why isn't there a coffin?"

System: "Perhaps a coffin is not necessary."

After getting used to the light, Xia Ge noticed that there was a small glass-carved table inside the room, and something seemed to be placed on it, sparkling under the crystal-clear glass. It was especially abrupt against the sandalwood box.

Xia Ge saw the box and inexplicably hesitated, "...looks like there's a box."

Achan: "Hmm, could it be... the Patriarch's ashes?"

 
Xia Ge asked, "No coffin? Isn't that too miserable?"

"Fall to the ground and become a box?"

"Is the old ancestor really that miserable? Only a box as a burial item is already pitiful enough, but why can't we see any other burial items in the tomb except for the Night Pearl? You must have really loved the Night Pearl when you were alive!"

As Xia Ge mourned for her ancestors, she suddenly heard the same melodious flute sound from before. However, this time the flute sound was not as carefree as before, but rather inexplicably sad.

Xia Ge subconsciously looked back at Achan by her side. The young girl, dressed in a blood-red wedding dress, stood silently, staring blankly at the box on the small wooden platform in the stone room. Her pure black eyes showed some complexity and confusion that Xia Ge couldn't understand. However, it seemed that she didn't hear the flute sound.

Xia Ge paused slightly, "...Achan, did you hear anything?"

Achan glanced at her, looking confused. "Sound? No, I didn't hear anything."

She really didn't hear it? What was going on with this flute sound...

Just then, the flute sound suddenly rose, reaching a climax! A dazzling golden light shone from the Night Pearl, causing Xia Ge's pupils to shrink. She saw countless intersecting golden lines suddenly light up on the transparent floor, forming a formation that she didn't recognize!

Countless violent spiritual energy surged when the formation was half-formed! The flute sound became extremely passionate, as if playing a battle song!

In the small stone room, the wind and clouds changed in an instant, and a tornado formed in the middle of the room due to the surging spiritual energy. The gust of wind suddenly blew towards the middle of the stone room!

Xia Ge quickly placed her sickle on the stone wall and barely stabilized herself in the sudden suction storm. However, before she could even breathe a sigh of relief, she saw a flash of red in front of her, and Achan was about to be swept into the tornado!

Xia Ge quickly reached out her left hand and grabbed a small piece of Achan's sleeve. "Achan!!!"

However, the suction was too strong, and Xia Ge had already consumed too much energy in the stone room. Her stomach growled, and she felt her hand holding the sickle become somewhat weak. She gritted her teeth, "...Don't move!"

The spiritual energy whirlwind accompanied by the passionate music caused Xia Ge to see clusters of golden light shining on the glass floor. When the golden light dissipated, Xia Ge gasped in shock. There were actually enchanted puppets in the golden light!

Countless black vines also grew on the stone walls, and the wooden platform that was originally carved from glass wood was now protected by a puppet made entirely of glass wood. The transparent body looked like a box, and a stone with runes carved on it was clearly visible inside.

Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly. Was that a rune stone in the puppet's stomach?!

Was it a teleportation rune stone that could be used to escape?!

The flute suddenly reached another climax!
In an instant, countless black vines suddenly wrapped around Achan's clothes. The huge pulling force came from the other side. Xiaga held onto the other person's clothes tightly and her left hand, which was wrapped in bandages, bled due to excessive force.

The pain of the wound being torn apart came again.

Xiaga gritted her teeth fiercely.

"Young master-"

The beautiful woman's black hair fluttered and her red clothes looked like blood. Looking at the expression of the black-haired young man, a hint of strangeness flashed in her eyes. "Let go-"

"Shut up!!"

Xiaga held onto the other person's clothes tightly, her forehead almost bursting with veins. She used all her strength to pull the other person towards her-

"I am fucking- Lei Feng!"

"Stab-"

The sound of fabric tearing resounded.

Like a broken string, her hand suddenly loosened.

Xiaga's heart suddenly felt empty. Countless vines attacked and wrapped the woman in red, leaving only a broken piece of red cloth and a soft lingering sound in her hand.

"Twice, Lei Xiaogongzi saved my life. Achan will remember it in her heart."

The sound of the flute slowly faded, the wind calmed down, and Xiaga stared blankly at the broken piece of red cloth in her hand. When she looked up again, countless vines with thorns entangled the woman in red and lifted her up high. She closed her eyes, not knowing whether she was alive or dead, only black blood dripping down and slowly falling on the smooth, golden-patterned glass floor.

The vines were poisonous!!

For a moment, Xiaga felt empty inside.

"... Did I fail to save her?"

"Did she... just die in front of me?"

-Just like many years ago.

-Her friend died in front of her, and she was powerless.
The system was anxious: "...she's not dead! Host, wake up! There's still hope for her!!"

[Black Vine: A black thorn with chronic toxins. Effect: The toxin can paralyze the body for three hours and gradually cause loss of consciousness after four hours.]

The flute sound once again became intense! In the huge stone chamber, the formation's golden light flickered, and countless puppets rushed towards her, the invader!

Xia Ge suddenly snapped out of it, "chii" sound as she drew out her sickle. The silver ring on her finger shone, and the Scarlet Blood Revival Pill was in her hand!

-This is not the time to be in a daze!

"Three days." Xia Ge swallowed the Revival Pill, her eyes flickering green. She activated the puppet detection and found that all the puppets rushing towards her were C-grade, except for the big puppet guarding the platform with the teleportation talisman inside, which was B-grade.

"How come all of Lingxi Patriarch's puppets are so useless!! I thought they should at least be SSS-grade to be impressive! They're so lousy, how can they have the face to guard this tomb for you--" Xia Ge clenched her sickle, "--It really makes me look down on you, Patriarch!"
