The sky was somewhat gloomy, with dense black clouds gathering together, occasionally revealing narrow black gaps that let in moonlight less than a finger's width.

Chang Nian was on patrol and when he passed by the persimmon forest, he vaguely saw a flash of silver light and his footsteps paused. 

Li Liu, who was patrolling with him, turned his head slightly and asked, "Chang Junior Brother?"

Chang Nian said, "Can you help me take a look, I have something to do."

Li Liu thought he needed to relieve himself and didn't think much of it. "Okay, then you come back quickly."

Chang Nian hurriedly replied with an "okay" and then plunged into the persimmon forest. Li Liu looked around and didn't think much of it, holding his sword and walking away.

Chang Nian wandered through the forest and several hidden silver butterflies gathered in front of him, leading the way for him.

When there was no one around, a silver butterfly with a faint glow slowly flew up from under the leaves and merged with the other silver butterflies flying in front of Chang Nian, leading him through the dense persimmon forest and turning a few corners. Chang Nian followed the silver butterfly and found that the road was getting more and more rugged, a path he had never been to before in Sword Peak.

Where was this leading to?

Chang Nian wondered to himself.

However, after passing through the rugged mountain path, the mountain wind was strong, and suddenly the view opened up. This was a flat stone platform, with a wide and gradually narrowing cliff extending from the stone platform in front of him, reaching into a deep abyss. Under the dim light, a girl in a blue and white dress stood on the cliff, only three steps away from the narrow end of the cliff. The wide sleeves embroidered with silver butterflies fluttered in the wind, and her clothes billowed. Above her head were dense black clouds, and beneath her feet was a deep abyss. Accompanied by several silver butterflies flying around her, the faint light illuminated the girl's white and tender cheeks. She closed her eyes, and moonlight leaked through the gaps in the black clouds, sprinkling on her body. For a moment, there was a dreamlike illusion.

Chang Nian stopped from a distance, and the cliff looked shallow and fragile, with a sense of imminent danger. He stood on safe ground, furrowing his brows and said, "... What are you doing over there? It's very dangerous."

Chu Yi slowly opened her eyes.

They were a pair of pitch-black eyes, as if gathering the brightest moonlight in the world. Even though the sky was now covered in dark clouds and there was no star or moonlight, in the instant the girl opened her eyes, Chang Nian thought he saw a pair of stars that could illuminate the universe.

However, it was just a moment.

Like a fleeting meteor, after blooming with all its brilliance, it quickly dimmed, going from bright to lifeless without any process.

Chu Yi's voice was soft and sweet as always. "I'm waiting for you."

Chang Nian said nothing but urged her, "Don't stay in such a dangerous place, come over here." 

Silver butterflies danced around them, making this place seem like a dream in the White Dream Cave.
Chu Yi: "...Is it dangerous?"

Only three steps away from the end.

The girl took a step back and accidentally touched a broken stone. The stone fell silently from the side of the cliff, and the sword peak towered high, pointing straight to the sky. Therefore, after the stone fell, for a long, long time, there was no echo at all.

The silence was somewhat eerie.

Chang Nian said, "It's dangerous, come back quickly."

But Chu Yi was still calm and smiled softly, "It's okay, I'm not afraid."

Everything seen in the White Dream Cave slowly appeared in front of her.

- Brother was so young and not afraid, why should she be afraid?

Chang Nian: "..."

"Do you believe it?" Chu Yi's voice was sweet and soft. "Do you believe there is such a fool who can climb a ten-thousand-foot mountain for another person and pick a grass for her eyes?"

Chang Nian looked at her inexplicably.

"That fool can climb even higher mountains for her," Chu Yi slowly took another step back, and the corners of her lips slightly hooked into a soft arc. "She climbed the mountain step by step, stepping on stones, pulling vines, using half-baked light skills... She fell down and climbed up again with gritted teeth."

The girl's voice was ethereal and quiet, telling the story of someone and a certain unknown path of collecting medicine.

That mountain, towering into the clouds, with the skeletons of spirit beasts, evil ghosts, monsters, and demons.

Every step was heart-wrenching.

"She clearly had nothing."

"But she can be fearless for one person."

"How much does she love that person?"

Love to the point of cutting through thorns and brambles, love to the point of invincibility, love to the point of disregarding everything.

And she still wanted to pick that herb for her.

- So, why?
The silver butterflies danced, casting a faint silver light on the girl's thick eyelashes, empty eyes, and rosy lips.

"She used to love her so much."

"Now, why can she ignore her like this?"

She took another step back, with a bottomless abyss behind her.

One step could lead to an endless abyss.

Chang Nian was scared by her actions, but remained calm on the surface: "Don't take another step back."

Chu Yi looked up at him, her smile disappeared, her forehead wrinkled, and her black eyes glinted with a hint of danger: "...Do you also think I have no way out?"

The mountain wind blew.

Chang Nian didn't understand what she was saying, or rather, he was confused from beginning to end. But if he looked at the facts, she really couldn't retreat anymore: "You really can't retreat anymore - you have to move forward."

- No way out, so you can only move forward.

Chu Yi stopped in her tracks.

Suddenly, she laughed.

A glint appeared in her eyes.

"...Yes."

Unable to retreat, she could still move forward.

"But I don't want to move forward, what should I do?" Chu Yi muttered to herself, "If I move forward, someone will suffer."

Moving forward means she gains something, but someone else loses something.

Chang Nian: "..." What the hell are you talking about?

Although he was confused, Chang Nian still patiently followed her words: "If you don't want to move forward, then stop and wait until you figure it out... Anyway, you can't go back anymore."

...Stop if you don't want to move forward?

Can she...stop?
"If I stop... no one will suffer, and no one will be in pain," she thought. "But at the same time, I will still have nothing. The person who doesn't love me will still not love me. 'I don't have to step back, but I can also not move forward. I can endure it," Chu Yi's voice was shallow. "I can also have nothing."

But she couldn't tolerate the fact that the person didn't love her.

The mountain wind howled.

She stopped for a long time, but finally began to move forward slowly.

One step, two steps, three steps.

Will someone suffer?

...But what does it have to do with her?

As long as her brother is not in pain, it's okay.

Even if she feels pain, it doesn't matter.

Her brother has Little Butterfly's love.

Her brother will not suffer.

As long as her brother falls in love with her, Little Butterfly will also be resurrected.

At that time... no one will suffer.

There will be no one to search for hardship, no evil spirits chasing after her, and no worries about finding food.

All she will have is the love for her brother, Little Butterfly.

As if she had figured something out, the girl with a faint smile on her lips finally left the dangerous cliff and walked to Chang Nian, who breathed a sigh of relief. She took out a token, which was the Lingxi Sword Peak Palm Order that Chu Yi had used when she went to visit the former leader of the Demon Cult in the mountain prison.
Chang Nian took the token, "You finally realized and returned it to me. I was still thinking of finding you. Luckily my brother doesn't use this thing often, so I was able to get it from him. How did it go with your inquiries at the mountain prison? Did that person... give any clues?"

Chu Yi blinked, looking distressed, "She didn't say anything."

Chang Nian was disappointed but didn't say anything, "Is that so?"

Chang Nian actually wanted his own bell back. Chu Yi noticed his intention and said, "Let me borrow your bell for now. Maybe next time I can ask again."

Chang Nian hesitated, "Okay..."

Chu Yi raised her eyebrow slightly, "But before that, I have a question for you."

Chang Nian looked puzzled.

Chu Yi smiled lightly, "My sister is leaving tomorrow."

Chang Nian's expression didn't change, but a glimmer of light flashed in his eyes.

Chu Yi continued, "I once heard a rumor... that the head of the Chu family had arranged a marriage between their leader and the head of your family's assistant more than ten years ago?"

Chang Nian remained silent.

"But later, the marriage was canceled." Chu Yi chuckled lightly, and a hint of coldness flashed in her dark eyes covered by her bangs.

Chang Nian hesitated, "I've heard some things about it."

"Do you know why it was canceled?" Chu Yi seemed to be chatting casually. The mountain wind was chilly, and her voice was light.

Chang Nian shook his head.

"Because the illegitimate daughter who was originally arranged to marry into the Chang family became the legitimate daughter who might inherit the position of the Chu family leader." Chu Yi spoke indifferently but with a hint of malice, "How could a legitimate daughter marry into a family that is not even worth mentioning, right?"

Chang Nian was at a loss for words.

On the surface, the major families were flourishing, helping each other, and living in peace and harmony, but the hidden class struggle was still very serious.

In simple terms, they appeared to be loving and friendly on the surface, but in reality, they looked down on each other. Everyone was trying to outdo each other, but in reality, no one was more noble than the other.

It was like the plastic sisters.
However, there was only one family that truly had the qualifications to look down on all other families.

That was the Chang'an Chu family.

Their royal bloodline was just one of the things they considered noble.

More importantly, they were the only family at the time that possessed the ancient clothing charm. This meant that while they held supreme power, they also had privileges that were different from those of ordinary families.

So when the marriage proposal of the child of the Chang family was casually dismissed by the Chu family head, the Chang family did not say a word.

Because they had no capital to compete with the Chu family.

He had heard his family mention this incident before, and his father was always very unhappy when he talked about it. Even with just a little bit of thought, one could understand that what the Chu family erased was not just the marriage of the Chang family, but also the face of the Chang family head.

"We will get it back sooner or later."

"We are just missing a piece of clothing compared to their family," his father had said.

At the time, he didn't quite understand why his father was so confident, but now... the radiance of the sky was inexplicably born, with the pretext of his emergence from the White Dream Cave.

He vaguely understood the reason for his father's confidence at the time.

Chu Yi chuckled, "But now, these things don't matter."

- How could a legitimate daughter marry into an insignificant family?

But what happens when that family is no longer insignificant?

The dark clouds in the sky dissipated, the moon still dim, and a few stars flickered weakly.

Chang Nian realized belatedly, "What did you want to ask me just now?"

"I wanted to ask you about you and your older brother..."

The young girl smiled faintly, "Who would marry away my eldest sister from our family?"

- Let's wait for my brother's side first.
Let her stand still for now.

Although she really wants that person,

she is also afraid of making her brother cry.

Even though her brother said he wouldn't cry, if he was upset, even a dead butterfly would feel bitter.

Although the night is long, as long as she can see her brother, there is still starlight.

However, she can't wait to make that person who took everything from her suffer.

She has to pay back her debts one by one.

She won't let go of anyone who caused her pain.

Chang Nian has left, and Chu Yi stands in the rustling mountain breeze, lightly kissing the dragon horn on her chest. "Brother, you have to wait for me."

She is now standing still, not retreating into the abyss, but not moving forward either.

So, he must wait for her.

Maybe... as she waits, she will become even more reluctant to leave.

Chu Yi thinks about it and can't help but smile.

Maybe as she waits, her brother will turn around.

How good would that be?

After all, everyone in this world makes her feel pain.

Only her brother can make her feel both bitter and sweet, and she doesn't want to let go of him.

How can there be someone like this in the world?

How can there be someone who makes her struggle with every step?
The bamboo house that was destroyed by Chu Yao's sword had not been repaired yet due to the sudden attack of the demonic cult. Chu Yao decided to temporarily reside in the side hall of the council hall.

The council hall, which was high and mighty, had its roof tiles kicked off by Xia Ge, but Chu Yao had someone fix it so that there was no trace left.

Inside the side hall, the candlelight flickered, illuminating the place brightly.

"Miss..." Xiaoying anxiously asked, "Why did the master call you back for such a small matter?"

Chu Yao casually replied, "Tsk, I owe them, so I have to pay them back."

Xiaoying didn't understand. "Miss?"

Chu Yao glanced at her lazily and said, "Alright, go out. I want to rest..."

Her voice trailed off for a moment, then her lips curved into a smile. Xiaoying was puzzled, "Miss, what are you laughing at?"

Chu Yao propped up her chin, casually swaying the colorful stone bracelet on her wrist, then pulled out a jade-inlaid silver hairpin. "I'm laughing... at a stupid little mouse that just arrived."

All these messy jewelry were to be worn when she returned to the Chu family tomorrow.

It was annoying.

But... despite all the troubles, she had finally encountered something that made her happy.

Xiaoying was shocked, "There's a mouse?!"

Chu Yao sighed, "Ah..."

Chu Yao said, "You can go down."

Xiaoying said, "But Miss, there's something in the room..."

Chu Yao's impatience was visible on her face, "I lied to you, just go down."

Xiaoying said, "..." and left with a grievance.
The candlelight flickered dimly. After about half an incense stick's worth of time, a sneaky shadow opened the window. Chu Yao raised her eyelids and with a flick of her delicate hand, her hairpin flew out of her hand.

The silver hairpin was sharp and made a loud clang as it mercilessly poked a hole in the "little mouse's" newly bought night clothes. With a sudden "ouch", the "little mouse" fell to the ground on all fours. Then, with a "crunch" sound, the brand new night clothes were torn apart by the silver hairpin that was nailed to the wall.

Then a bunch of apples, pears, and green dates rolled out of the "little mouse's" arms and scattered all over the ground.

Xia Ge: "......"

Chu Yao tried to hold back her laughter, but couldn't help it after holding it in for so long. She chuckled and the candlelight flickered, illuminating the warmth in the girl's almond-shaped eyes. "It's only been a few days, why go through all this trouble?"

Xia Ge: "......"

Goodbye.
