The upgraded Soul-Captivating Technique not only allows the controlled person to be commanded, but also creates corresponding illusions according to the owner's orders.

However, Xia Ge didn't know what Chu Yi would see with the Soul-Captivating Technique.

She just gave the command -

"Do not touch me, unlock the god chain, and return what was taken from me."

"I'm sorry." Xia Ge clenched the doll and lowered her eyelashes. "Maybe I really did something wrong at that time."

Life is short and precious, not necessarily to the point of living and dying within a day, but it is indeed fleeting.

If she made a mistake, it would be fine.

But she couldn't let Chu Yi make another mistake.

Xia Ge looked up. The room was very closed, and all the walls were covered with spells prohibiting movement. Xia Ge had some knowledge of formations, but she was completely ignorant of spells - Chu Yi was obviously very aware of this.

But.

She glanced sideways, and the silver ring had a function of invisibility, except for Xia Ge herself, no one else could see it. So at the beginning, Chu Yi did not confiscate it.

The silver light flashed slightly, and the doll in her hand was replaced by the icy crystal in the ring.

... Is that all?

Xia Ge lowered her eyelashes, vaguely remembering a long time ago, when a girl hugged her, her voice muffled.

"I will protect my brother."

"...You are my sheath."

Finally, there was a somewhat gloomy and desperate voice from the girl.

"The little butterfly is dead."

The shattered blue wings of the Dream Butterfly, extremely sad.

Xia Ge's hand holding the crystal trembled.
System: "Go! What are you hesitating for? If you don't leave now, she'll be back!"

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment. "I need to... wait a moment."

She took out a sickle and the materials she had planned to use to make a puppet costume from her ring and packed them up for a while. The system urged her, "Hurry up! She's found out!"

In the moment when the space began to distort, Xia Ge hastily stuffed the things under the quilt and crushed the pair of teleportation stones!

Destination: Evil Spirit Mountain!

"Brother!!!"

As the space twisted and tore, in the instant Chu Yi returned, she reached out her hand and brushed against Xia Ge's clothes, and...

However, it was still a little bit short.

...Just like countless other fates.

Xia Ge's figure had completely disappeared.

Just a little bit short.

She missed her target.

On the soft bed, the unlocked chains, Chu Yi hung her head, staring at her hands for a long, long time without coming back to her senses.

[Love yourself.]

She trembled and slowly covered her face, filled with endless despair.

She lowered her hands and looked at the unlocked chains. Her eyes turned cold, and the next moment, a gust of wind erupted, tearing the quilt into pieces!

However, her movement quickly stopped.

Under the quilt.

A rough scabbard made of coarse rope lay quietly on it.

As the quilt fragments floated in the air, she stared blankly at the scabbard. After a while, she fiercely threw it away!

...What's the use?
"What's the use of it!!!?"

However, after a moment of silence, she trembled as she got out of bed and slowly picked up the scabbard, holding it in her arms.

Warm liquid slid down her eyes and flowed in her heart, leaving a cold feeling.

= =

Deep darkness.

After the teleportation stone was crushed, a strange and colorful illusion flashed before her eyes, followed by a "bang" sound, and Xia Ge was thrown out of space, stumbling on a pile of broken stones, her feet sore.

"Hiss..."

The fragments of the teleportation stone in her hand fell apart, and she gasped for breath, lifted her eyes and saw only a gray misty fog in front of her, broken stones under her feet, and mist everywhere, with no end in sight, but faintly hearing the roar of some unknown monsters.

Xia Ge put on her boots, put on her night clothes, and took out her sickle that she hadn't used for a long time. "Where am I?"

If her previous guess was correct, the teleportation stone should have sent her to the Evil Spirit Mountain, but -

This doesn't look like a mountain at all.

It looks more like a barren basin.

System: "...I don't know where this is, be careful."

Xia Ge: "You're really unreliable."

She kicked a piece of broken stone, made a cross mark with her sickle, and then randomly chose a direction to move forward. The fog was so thick that she couldn't find any direction, and she circled around and found herself back where she started.

Xia Ge stared at the cross mark. "A maze?"

"Roar..."

A low, indistinguishable roar of some monster, or maybe just the sound of the wind.

Xia Ge squinted and listened carefully.

Besides those strange sounds, there was also a very faint sound.

There was a faint wind coming from a certain direction, and that faint sound was also coming from that direction.
The system subtly promoted, "Host, do you need any props? I have the most advanced telescope here!"

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge coldly and ruthlessly refused.

What use was a telescope?

She followed the direction of the wind and walked towards it while holding her sickle. Sure enough, this time there were no symbols marked by her before.

As she walked, the faint sound gradually grew louder and clearer through the heavy fog.

It was...the sound of water.

Approaching, Xia Ge discovered that it was a river.

A very gentle and wide river, slightly winding, but very clear. It flowed from a certain direction through the mist and flowed towards a direction with a gurgling sound.

However, there was not a single blade of grass beside the river, only bare stones. Not far from the other side of the river, there was a high wall. In the hazy mist, there were several ancient characters on the wall, and beside the characters were a few slightly smaller words that wrote a sentence.

Xia Ge: "What does it say?"

In the mist, she could not see it clearly.

System: "I can't see it clearly either."

Xia Ge: "..."

What use are you?

Xia Ge looked around and still saw the ground covered with broken stones. Only this river was a little strange.

People say to go upstream.

"..."

Xia Ge really wanted to follow the river to find its source, but the wall on the other side of the river also attracted her. She thought for a moment, swung her sickle, and then threw the sickle blade!

"Clang!"

The sickle handle shot out a chain, and the sickle blade firmly lodged in the stone wall. Xia Ge tried it, and then pulled it. The lengthened sickle handle shrank, and she was about to be taken across the river!
However, in the moment when Xia Ge used the sickle to cross the river, her pupils slightly contracted, sensing a strange change.

It was like crossing a taboo.

The next moment, a sentence appeared in her mind.

It was like someone whispering to her.

"Life is like a long river, infants are at the upper reaches, and the elderly are at the lower reaches."

"Time is like a long river, now on this bank, the past on the other bank."

"Life and death are easy to separate, but time is difficult to cross."

It abruptly stopped.

And in the moment she crossed the river, the high wall with the inscription disappeared in an instant. She was thrown to the other side of the river by inertia, and the sickle in her hand flew out, and she stumbled and rolled several times.

"Ouch..."

She bit a mouthful of grass.

... Grass?

Xia Ge woke up in a daze and suddenly found that everything around her had changed.

The river was still there, but on the other side of the river, there was no dry and barren rocky area. Instead, there was a dense forest. She was now standing on a lush grassland, and when she looked back, the high wall was gone.

"Huh?"

The sickle was still not far away, scattered all over the place.

Xia Ge: "...What's going on?"

System: "Don't ask me, I don't know either."

Crossing a river and ending up in a different place, how magical?

Unable to come up with a reasonable explanation, Xia Ge had a headache for a while, and then walked in a certain direction.

...Should still be in the territory of the Evil Spirit Mountain, right?
This is a forest. Xia Ge used Ghostly Illusion to quickly walk out of it. After walking a few steps, she suddenly saw smoke not far away.

Xia Ge ran over and found a village.

There were people in the village, wearing clothes that Xia Ge had never seen before, which looked a bit old-fashioned. They were skinny and looked like they didn't have enough to eat or wear. They were living a very poor life.

Are there villages in the Evil Spirit Mountain? Or is she just on the outskirts now?

Xia Ge was about to walk in when she heard a sound not far away.

It was very faint, like someone gasping for breath, and it was very close.

Who was near her?

It seemed to be in the forest behind her?

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment, then walked over and quickly found the source of the sound.

It was indeed a person.

Very thin, very small, holding two small jars the size of her palms tightly in his arms, curled up under a huge old tree. The light in the forest didn't shine on him. He was wearing simple clothes, and his messy hair covered his cheeks. His breathing was very light and shallow, as if he was about to stop breathing in the next moment.

He was just a child.

"Hey... are you okay?"

Xia Ge approached and asked softly.

The person didn't move.

He didn't move.

He didn't move?!!

Xia Ge hurried over and reached out to feel his breath, but there was no breath left.

Xia Ge: "..."

System: "..." 

If this wasn't in the book, Xia Ge would have suspected that this was a premeditated scam.
"Okay." Xia Ge comforted herself and straightened his hair. "Rest in peace, rest in peace."

However, her voice stopped when she saw the person's face.

Her throat felt like it was filled with cotton, her mind blank, and there was nothing left.

The next moment, she let go of the person's hair and stood up stiffly. "No..."

It couldn't be.

System: "I have a quick-acting heart-saving pill, do you want it?"

Xia Ge was exhausted. "Yes."

The once cold and ruthless Xia Ge gave in to the system's sales pitch at this moment.

Because of that child.

With a face full of pimples.

She fed the quick-acting heart-saving pill she bought with several hundred points, but it had no effect.

Xia Ge waited for half an hour. "Why isn't it working?"

System: "It's impossible! It's impossible for it not to work. As long as it's a person, it will be effective."

Xia Ge believed the system's words and patiently waited for another half an hour.

"...Isn't it a quick-acting heart-saving pill?" Xia Ge began to question.

System: "She's not human!"

Xia Ge: "Pfft, you're the one who's not human."

System: "..."

System: "I'm serious, she really might--"

Just as Xia Ge was about to retort, she suddenly heard some noise, as if someone was coming?

Xia Ge glanced at the child who looked like a bean and gritted her teeth, ready to pick up the person and run away, but--
Translation:

Silence.

Xia Ge exerted all her strength, but couldn't even lift the child a bit!

Voices were getting closer.

Xia Ge stamped her foot, and with a ghostly movement, climbed up the tree.

She stared intently below, trying to assess the situation when suddenly she heard a faint voice behind her.

"...go home."

Xia Ge was so frightened that she trembled and almost fell from the tree! She looked around but didn't see anyone.

...It must have been a hallucination.

Xia Ge comforted herself and continued to observe.

Someone came, it seemed to be a villager who, after seeing the lifeless child, sighed and shook his head before leaving.

"...Why didn't they take her home and prepare for the funeral?" Xia Ge was stunned.

System: "Maybe they're poor."

"But still..."

Everyone had left, and there was nothing more to be said.

Xia Ge came down and looked at the child who couldn't be saved by quick-acting heart-saving pills and couldn't be moved. She looked worried.

What to do?

However, that shallow voice still lingered.

"...I want to go back...to my hometown."
