"Saulna, wasn't your response earlier a bit too much?"

While on their way to the servants' quarters after leaving the room of the new masters, Ainsel-sama and Cielmer-sama, as ordered by Lady Fiiyanamia, the servant reproaches Saulna who was with them.
It was because both she and I were recognized by Lady Fiiyanamia that we were allowed to serve those two.
The joy we felt at that moment is unforgettable.

We pledged in our hearts to fulfill our duties no matter who the master was.
In reality, they were capable people who didn't need such enthusiasm.
Come to think of it, the people Lady Fiiyanamia brought as guests should not have been strange people.

But enough of that.

In short, Saulna didn't seem to have enough awareness of the task entrusted to her by Lady Fiiyanamia.

"Well, yes... But if we had not acted that way, we might have been excluded from being their attendants at night."

Saulna speaks with a remorseful voice, and I snap back to the conversation.

"Still, it was not like us."
"Oh my, maybe even Mosa was secretly anxious?"
"...I won't deny that. But we are just servants."
"If Ainsel-sama thought of us as a nuisance, it was certainly too much..."
"No, it wasn't!"

I unintentionally speak in a strong tone.
But Ainsel-sama's words were words that considered us properly.
It was impossible for Saulna to not understand that, even if she smiled at me with a grin. I've been had...
Even if I made a clear expression of displeasure, Saulna just laughed.

"Hehe. Yes, Ainsel-sama's words were words that considered us."
"Yes, let's acknowledge that. If Saulna hadn't spoken up, I might have done the same thing."

Yes. It was an attendant duty given because of Lady Fiiyanamia's command, but now I want to take care of Ainsel-sama without any relation to Lady Fiiyanamia.
He is usually a master who cannot be seen, but I feel a certain joy in serving and watching over him.
So please don't worry about me and let me serve you.

"I feel sorry for Lady Fiiyanamia, but this is the most enjoyable time for me to work here.
I want to keep watching Cielmer-sama's growth if possible."
"Yes, Cielmer-sama is a lovely person.
But I can't forget the soft expression that Ainsel-sama shows only to Cielmer-sama.
If I could see Ainsel-sama's heart melting, it would be the greatest joy."

I've been watching their actions since they came to this mansion.
At first, I couldn't imagine having two souls in one body, but I could feel the atmosphere changing drastically.
Even though it was Lady Fiiyanamia's mansion, there was an atmosphere of vigilance towards everything around them.

At first, I thought they were presumptuous, but now I understand the meaning.
Ainsel-sama was just trying to protect Cielmer-sama.
He would protect Cielmer-sama even if he had to make the whole world his enemy, and that was a determination that could not be doubted.

It was so precious, and I could sincerely respect someone who could make such a determination.
I listened to the circumstances a little before joining Ainsel-sama, but I don't think I could endure it if it were me.
Ainsel-sama is truly strong. However, I also heard that he is pushing himself too hard.

Behind his strength, there is a fragility that could break at any moment, and that is my master.

"Oh my, is Mosa not watching Cielmer-sama dance to Ainsel-sama's song?
If you could see the spirits, that's what it would look like."
"I was watching. And I was listening. It was a wonderful singing voice that made my heart feel refreshed just by listening."
"Hehehe. That's too bad. It was a dance that could make you happy just by watching it."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

Of course I was watching. Each movement was carefree yet every single one was a splendid dance that was fully conscious down to the fingertips. It's uncouth to debate whether Cielmer's singing or Ain's dance is better.

"Cielmer-sama shows a innocent expression in front of Ainzel-sama and Fiiyanamia-sama. A lovely expression befitting of his age. However, when he's with others, he closes himself off," Saurena speaks in a serious tone, and I listen intently.

"When Cielmer-sama locked himself in his room and Ainzel-sama was gone, I brought him his meal. However, Cielmer-sama wouldn't let me in. The voice I heard through the door was a trembling, fearful one that wasn't at all like the voice of someone his age."

The tone of her voice that tightens my heart must be exactly the same as the emotions Saurena felt at that time. I've been told quite a bit about Cielmer-sama, so I'm not completely ignorant of what happened. However, Saurena actually heard his voice, so she must have felt something.

It's probably something different from what I felt for Ainzel-sama, but I think we both came to the same conclusion.

"How precious Cielmer-sama's innocent expression is and how much respect his smile without shadows deserves, I cannot measure. That's why I want to watch over Cielmer-sama's growth for as long as possible. And more than that, I want him to be at peace in this mansion without darkening his expression," Saurena says.

"I feel the same way. We're still being cautious around Ainzel-sama, so I want him to truly believe that there are no enemies in this mansion," I add.

Today's consideration was for us, but I feel like there's a wall somewhere. She has kindness, but she chooses her targets and the amount she gives it to. Our masters are not evil, but they are not necessarily good either. They've already had experiences that prevent them from being good. Yet, there is a purity that they have that is protected by Ainzel-sama and nurtured by Cielmer-sama.

And it's thanks to Cielmer-sama that the purity that didn't spill out of Ainzel-sama is still there.

I hope I can help protect that.

"That being said, it's a shame we can't see Cielmer-sama's sleeping face," Saurena suddenly changes her tone, and I sigh in exasperation.

"What are you talking about?"
"Hehe, what if I hadn't taken that action? We wouldn't have this conversation about it now."
"You did that just for that reason?"
"Oh my, hehe. But really, isn't it more necessary for Mosa to have that time? It's a precious opportunity to talk to Ainzel-sama."
"I won't deny that."

If I look away, she'll laugh at me. In the end, regardless of the reason, we've become enamoured by our new masters. Not just because they're cute. 

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

