Gu Peijiu felt beautiful, but also a bit sour that she couldn't put into words.

She didn't like being with other people.

But she couldn't do anything. She was just attached to this puppet body, and everything in front of her was just what she saw through Dou Dou's eyes.

Suddenly, Chu Shi felt itchy on her head. She looked up and saw Xia Wushuang smiling mischievously with her hands behind her back. "Oops."

Chu Shi asked, "What are you doing?"

Xia Wushuang replied, "Guess."

Chu Shi looked back at her porridge and said gloomily, "I can't guess. I don't want to."

Xia Wushuang laughed and extended her hand, "Look."

In her palm was a peach blossom petal.

A white and tender palm with pink petals.

Chu Shi suddenly felt a pang in her heart.

She put down her porridge and said, "Wushuang, I..."

Xia Wushuang interrupted her, "Why aren't you drinking?"

Chu Shi summoned up her courage and asked, "Wushuang, I want to go back."

"Borderland letter... Barbarian invasion." Chu Shi said, "As a princess of the country, I can't just leave... Love between man and woman."

A breeze blew, cooling the porridge and also blowing away the peach blossom petal in Xia Wushuang's hand.

Gu Peijiu watched everything.

"Afterwards, the princess returned to the capital." Dou Dou's voice was shallow. "The regent, as the queen's loyal supporter, led the army with the princess and overthrew the old dynasty. However, as the princess with only royal blood, she couldn't become the queen. The regent, Chu Huaiwang, declared himself as the regent and offered a reward of ten thousand gold to call upon anyone who could change the princess's fate."

The scene changed, and it was a quiet night with the sound of frogs and fireflies. A girl in a green dress played the flute while Gu Peijiu stood behind her, respectful and quiet.

The sound of the flute was distant and long.

Gu Peijiu's heart trembled slightly.
This is the tune of returning home that I used to hear in my dreams when I was young.

Gu Peiju had not yet come back to her senses when she heard the person in front of her speak.

"Ajiu, I'm going to Cloud City." After the song ended, she seemed to have made a decision, put away the flute, and said, "If the princess doesn't have a royal decree, this little body will die if she leads the troops to fight."

"I'll change her fate."

Gu Peiju couldn't say anything. At this moment, she was just a quiet and obedient leader.

The bright moon was gentle, and Xia Wushuang turned her head, holding the bone flute, her cat-like eyes filled with lonely moonlight.

Gu Peiju's body trembled suddenly.

...Like all dreams, it was the same face as Xia Wuyin's.

Gu Peiju couldn't bear to see this face with a lonely expression.

Her heart was soft and painful.

"Ajiu." The young girl closed her eyes, slightly pinched the flute, and showed a fragile expression. "I...feel so lonely."

Gu Peiju didn't know why, but she felt extremely heartbroken.

Legend has it that Cloud City was the capital of the gods hundreds of years ago, but when the gods fell, there were no more divine beings in the world. Cloud City remained prosperous, but there was no longer the grand scene of the gods standing tall.

However, the divine scroll that determines the fate of all living beings still exists in the highest Fate Tower of Cloud City.

Xia Wushuang sneaked into Cloud City alone with her puppet, hiding it from Chu Yao, and went straight to the Fate Tower to change Chu Yao's fate.

"The fate is already determined. You will be cursed by the heavens if you do this!"

The old man guarding the Fate Tower was pressed down by Gu Peiju and looked at the young girl writing and drawing on the divine scroll with a heart-wrenching feeling. "You will regret it! You will definitely regret it--"

"Hmph, regret?" Xia Wushuang's eyes were full of free and easy spirit. "Do you know who will regret things? Those who have opportunities in front of them but do nothing will regret it when they grow old, right?"

After speaking, she squatted in front of the old man again, raised her eyebrows meaningfully, and teased, "Just like...an old man like you who is about to die? How many things have you regretted in your life?"

Gu Peiju stared at this person named Xia Wushuang.

She had never seen such a free and easy spirit on Xia Wuyin.
Although Xia Wuyin's words were also full of wit, he always unconsciously restrained his sharpness, like an ancient artifact, suppressing himself and carefully grasping the measure.

It was like having seen everything in the world.

But Xia Wushuang was different.

Gu Peijiu looked at this person as if she was seeing Xia Wuyin, a truly spirited young man.

"Brat!! Brat!!" The old man exploded in anger, cursing loudly, "You will definitely be cursed!! I tell you, the last person cursed by the heavens was behind the Tianming Mountain. You might as well take a look at her fate!!"

Xia Wushuang finished the Tianming Scroll, closed it satisfactorily, and smiled at the old man whose heart was aching with anger, "Oh? What kind of fate would that be?"

"The god of fortune who once roamed the world is now cursed by the heavens, bound by chains for hundreds of years and unable to be reincarnated!!"

"That's really miserable." Xia Wushuang smiled, "Since that god was cursed by the heavens so miserably, and I am also cursed by the heavens... As the saying goes, we are all wanderers in this world, so why not lend a helping hand?"

"No!!" The old man almost spewed blood.

Xia Wushuang casually drew two turtles on the old man's face, "Why not? There are really so many things that cannot be done in this world."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

"But I'm really sorry, I was born rebellious. If someone tells me not to do something, I'll just have to do it." Xia Wushuang shrugged, threw the Tianming Scroll aside, and squatted down to look at him, "Where is that god of fortune you mentioned?"

The old man: "..."

"Oh, I see, you said she's on Tianming Mountain."

The old man with two turtles on his face howled, "I didn't say that! She's not there!"

Xia Wushuang ignored him, "I really want to see what the last god looks like."

"You'll regret it!" The old man warned.

Gu Peijiu looked at Xia Wushuang.

For some reason.

Although she looked so carefree.

She could see the loneliness in her eyes.
Because that person is gone.

So the soul has nowhere to rely on, and is lost.

The last god in the world.

Gu Peijiu thought.

Whether it's a god of misfortune or a god of fortune, it doesn't matter to this person.

She only knew that it would be good if the other person was as lonely as she was.

"You stay here and watch this old man," Xia Wushuang said casually, "I'll go to Tianming Mountain and take a look."

Gu Peijiu quietly agreed.

She wanted to say something, but nothing came out.

After Xia Wushuang returned from Tianming Mountain, he brought back a little girl in red.

The little girl was dirty all over, barefoot, unable to speak, with soft black hair and narrow eyes. When she looked at Xia Wushuang, her gaze was shallow and soft, as if she was looking at the whole world.

However, when she saw Gu Peijiu, her eyes were full of hostility.

Gu Peijiu's pupils shrank slightly.

This person.

Even if turned into ashes.

She still recognized her.

- Su Chan!!

Or... Su Chan from childhood?

The old man screamed, "You will regret it! Changing fate, releasing the god of misfortune! You will definitely regret it--"

Xia Wushuang said indifferently, "Shut up that old man."

Gu Peijiu tied the old man's mouth tightly with a cloth strip.
Xia Wushuang noticed that the little girl in red had been staring at Gu Peiju, so she introduced her and then squatted down, speaking softly, "Shall I take you to see the world?"

The little girl in red tightly pulled on Xia Wushuang's clothes. Her previously dirty face had been wiped clean by Xia Wushuang. Upon hearing her words, she nodded with a bit of pride and shyness.

Doudou spoke softly, slowly recounting an unknown past, "Xia Wushuang brought disaster to Cloud City with the God of Plague. I awakened at the same time and heard that Xia Wushuang had returned after changing the fate of the Chu Yao... You should have seen that at the White Dream Cave."

Gu Peiju remembered it very clearly.

No... it was more accurate to say that she only remembered the sentence Xia Wushuang said to Chu Shi at that time.

"To see the princess, to reign over the world."

Each word was heart-wrenching.

Chu Shi did not stay in the bamboo forest for long and quickly left, leaving Xia Wushuang, the little girl in red, and Gu Peiju behind.

Xia Wushuang was very idle, taking the little girl out every day to fight chickens, catch fish, pick bird nests, and dig bamboo shoots, as if she didn't care about the world.

Gu Peiju just quietly followed behind them.

That night.

Estimating that the little girl had fallen asleep, Xia Wushuang came out alone for a walk.

She didn't get far.

She stopped and tilted her head. "Why are you following me? Go back."

Gu Peiju came out, quiet like a puppet that didn't understand anything, not moving or speaking.

"...Have you gone bad?" Xia Wushuang walked over. "I told you to go back."

Gu Peiju pretended to be clueless.

Xia Wushuang muttered, turned her head and walked away. "...Forget it."

Gu Peiju followed her step by step.

Xia Wushuang suddenly turned around.

Gu Peiju pretended to be clueless where she was.
Xia Wushuang: "..."

Xia Wushuang: "Don't pretend, I saw you move."

After thinking for a moment, Gu Peijiu took two steps back, retreating to where she had pretended to be ignorant earlier, and then looked at her with dark eyes.

Xia Wushuang couldn't help but laugh, "Pfft, why are you so cute?"

She laughed.

For a moment, Gu Peijiu didn't know whether this was the past or the future, but she knew.

If it was that time and day, if it was this moment.

She would do the same.

Not only because Dou Dou is her.

But also because she is Gu Peijiu.

After laughing, Xia Wushuang said, "The moon is really beautiful tonight."

There was a hint of loneliness in her eyes.

Gu Peijiu didn't know how to comfort her.

"Well, let me teach you how to play the flute." Xia Wushuang thought for a moment, took out the bone flute and handed it to her, "Anyway, you are my leader, and I have so many useless puppets under my control."

Gu Peijiu stared at the bone flute in Xia Wushuang's hand and shook her head.

Xia Wushuang felt a headache and then persuaded her, "Hey, I'll teach you how to play the flute. In the future, you can listen to me, and then use the flute to make them listen to you."

Gu Peijiu still shook her head.

Gu Peijiu didn't agree, and Xia Wushuang didn't force her. She put away the flute and turned around with a smile on her lips, but a faint loneliness in her eyes.

What is she expecting?

Even if it is a puppet with emotions, it is still just a puppet.

Xia Wushuang thought that it really didn't matter whether those miscellaneous puppets under her control were useful or not.
...She just wanted someone to play the flute for her.

Gu Peijiu's heart twitched slightly.

She wanted to do something, but she couldn't do anything.

Why did she refuse back then?

She was supposed to listen to her master...as a puppet.

Just as she was thinking this, her body suddenly moved.

Her pale hand grabbed Xia Wushuang's arm.

Xia Wushuang was slightly startled and turned to look at her.

The moonlight was gentle, shining on the black eyes of the young girl, making them soft.

"I can't."

Gu Peijiu heard her own voice, and she looked at her, her tone gentle and not stiff, "I'm afraid I won't play well."

To avoid making you laugh.

She saw the loneliness in Xia Wushuang's brow slowly dissipate, replaced by a gentle smile.

"It's okay." Xia Wushuang pursed her lips and smiled, "I'll teach you, a great teacher produces a great student!"

That night, the first song Xia Wushuang taught her leader was "Returning Home".
