On the way back to the Hunter's Association, Carol asked Ciel if it was okay to tell her rank. Ciel nodded in agreement. Since it was already known that she was a child of Lady Fii, it would be safer to say that she was A-rank in the central area. If Ciel wanted to say something different in another place, Ain wouldn't object, but she would share the burden with her. If it was clearly a bad idea, she would stop her.

Putting aside their own situation, Carol had a childish expression as if she was trying to play a prank. "Freire would be surprised... because he thinks she's B-rank..."

"Freire probably doesn't know, but that child is an A-rank Hunter," Ain said.

"Wait, can you hold on a minute?" Freire put his hand on his head and started thinking, but Carol's attack mercilessly began.

"Also, that child seems to have become Lady Fiiyanamia's daughter," Carol continued.

"I told you to wait... can you wait a bit longer?" Freire said.

"I'm glad we didn't start a fight. If we had made a mistake, we wouldn't have been able to stay in the central area," Carol said.

Freire's complexion seemed to worsen at Carol's words, but it was difficult to read his expression.

<<Does Carol know that we've become Fii's children?>>
<<It would be troublesome for the Hunter's Association if there were any misunderstandings, so it's good that we told them. It seems like it was before Freire was informed, or maybe it was because Carol and us are acquaintances, so the message was delivered faster.>>
<<That's right. But it's a relief that we don't have to explain it now.>>
<<It saved us some trouble.>>

As they watched the comedy duo of Carol and Freire, they arrived at the Hunter's Association while chatting with Ciel.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

After returning to the Hunter's Association, they ended up being taken to Carol-san's house for some reason. When Ciel asked why, Carol-san replied, "I promised to invite you to my house when you became B-ranked." She added, "You seem to be A-ranked now, but that's just a margin of error," but Ain thought that B-rank and A-rank were not just a margin of error, although she didn't say anything to Ciel about it.

After parting with Freel, they joined up with Celia for work. Ain was worried if the work was going to be okay, but they were sent off, saying that it was not more important than Fiiyanamia-sama's daughter. Well, that's true. They had that much power.

When Ain and Ciel's power, which they didn't expect, is shown in an unexpected place, Ain feels a little uncomfortable. Ciel doesn't feel that way, but unfortunately, Ain is originally a commoner.

So they arrived at Carol-san's house, which had an appearance like a nobleman's residence. It was like a mansion, perhaps? It was hard to believe that it was the house where the magic otaku Carol-san lived. Ain had imagined it to be more like a research lab.

<<Is there something bothering you about this big house, Ain?>>
<<No, it's nothing much. I just thought it was different from what I imagined.>>
<<Imagined?>>
<<What I mean is, I thought it would have a more creepy and eerie atmosphere.>>
<<Hehe, Ain thinks that way. I wonder why? Why?>>

Ciel seems to be interested, but maybe it's because of the image of the researchers or mad scientists from their past life. Ain doesn't know much about the researchers in this world, and Ciel doesn't either, so it's natural to have doubts.

<<In my previous life, the house where the researchers or people who were obsessed with research lived had that kind of atmosphere. It was like there were thunder and lightning.>>
<<Have you ever been to such a house, Ain?>>
<<...Come to think of it, I haven't. It feels more like the image of a scientist in a story.>>

Ain has never been to a real research institution, but they feel that they are well-prepared for safety measures and are more orderly. Or rather, they don't know much about their past life. They lived in a narrow world.

When they entered the house, the entrance was quite luxurious. The ceiling was high and there were vases and decorations. In the reception room, the large hall, and the dining room, expensive furniture was lined up, but it didn't seem like Carol-san's taste.

<<It's still different from what I imagined.>>
<<I can tell that too. I thought I wasn't good with this kind of thing.>>

After passing through several rooms, they finally reached a room that was moderately messy as Ain had imagined.

"I feel relaxed here after all."
"Again, you're saying that... and Cielmer-san is here today too."
"Oh, that's right. Welcome to my castle."

Carol-san pointed to the room with books and magic circles all over the place. It wasn't so cluttered that there was no place to step, but they didn't know where anything was. Ciel tilted their head a little at Carol-san's proud statement.

"What about the other rooms?"
"Just for show. The Association forced me to have this much space when I became A-rank. I said I didn't need it, but apparently, if you're A-rank, you have to live in a house like this at least for show."
"If you become A-rank, you may have to interact with nobles, so there is a possibility of inviting them to your house. Therefore, you have to at least be concerned about appearances."

Celia's explanation made Ciel's expression a little distorted.

"That's troublesome."
"It doesn't concern you, Cielmer-san. Your house will become Fiiyanamia-sama's house, so it's not like anyone will visit."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"I do remember saying that we were expecting some rare visitors. Visiting the residence of someone who could be considered as the king of a country is not an easy feat, even for nobles. And on top of that, the central region is under the dictatorship of Fii-sama. If we say we don't like it, we won't be able to pass through."

"Well then, now that the nuisance is gone and we've come to a place where we can relax, can I ask you something?" 
"What is it?"

Carol stretched her back and finally spoke up to Ciel. It was a reaction that seemed like she had been itching to ask for a long time.

"Is this the first time we've met, or have we met before?" 
"I see. So, are you someone other than Cielmer, or are you Cielmer yourself?" 
"I see. I'm Cielmer. Nice to meet you." 
"I understand, I understand. That's what it is."

While Carol seemed satisfied, Celia was tilting her head in confusion. But for the time being, she didn't interrupt the conversation and just listened. Although it seemed like neither Ciel nor Carol had any intention of explaining the current situation.

"And the one we talked to in Sanowa...was it you all along?" 
"Did I switch places with someone?" 
"Could you do that for a moment? Celia seems to have a headache next to me."

"Is that okay?" 
"It's fine."

Even though Celia seemed to have a headache, I think it would only get worse if I switched places with her. But for the sake of explaining the situation, I decided to switch places. I thought about what color to choose, but I decided to prioritize clarity and went with black hair.

"Nice to meet you. Or is it the first time?" 
"Although the color is different, you're the Cielmer we met, right?" 
"Yes. Recently, I've been able to change colors. Hasn't it become easier to understand?" 
"I see. Is it okay to ask your name?" 
"I'm Ain or Ainsel. I'm not sure how to explain it, but please understand that I coexist with Cielmer."

While this conversation was going on, Celia was trying her best to understand. And Carol continued the conversation without considering Celia's efforts.

"So, in other words, that body belongs to Cielmer?" 
"Yes, that's right."

<<No, it's not! It's our body! At least until Ain's body is ready!>> 

I laughed inwardly as Ciel argued in my mind. For the time being, I ignored the conversation with Carol and tried to calm Ciel down.

<<The original owner is Ciel. It's difficult to explain our relationship and feelings, so please understand.>> 
<<Well, that's true. Only Ain and I can understand it. Yes, only Ain and I!>> 
<<That's right. So please rest assured.>>

It might have just been momentum, but Ciel seemed satisfied, so I'll take it as a good thing.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"What is it?" 
"...You didn't listen to what I was saying, did you?" 
"Well, I was talking about something important." 
"...Fine. So you two can talk normally." 
"So, what's the matter?" 

When I asked again, Carol looked at me with exasperation. But it couldn't be helped, as Ciel was more important. And really, was there anything more important than Ciel? Hmm, probably not. 

As I was thinking such an obvious thing, Carol let out a sigh and began to speak. 

"You each have a profession, right?" 
"Yes, we do. You saw it earlier, didn't you? By the way, can you tell us why you noticed us?" 
"Is there really a need to tell you?" 
"Mainly for Celia's sake." 

I felt sorry for Celia, who hadn't been included in the conversation so far, so I wanted her to be included in the conversation soon. I could tell her myself, but I also wanted to know why Carol was so sure. 

"Alright. First of all, it was Cielmer, or rather Ainsel, right? Ainsel gave me a hint. He said he knew from experience that magic is stored in the soul. But I didn't know that there was something that could experience that. 

As a possibility, I thought that if the body could separate from the soul, it would be possible to know. I didn't know how to make that happen, though. 

And then, you two don't hide the fact that you're actually songstresses. In fact, you seem to want it to spread. You were basically trying to hide it, but not really." 

"I felt the same way." 

Finally, Celia joined the conversation. Or rather, being in the center, she probably picked up on the information fragmentally. Or maybe because the two of them knew about us, they were able to connect the fragmented information to us. 

"When you're a songstress, it's a job that stands out, so it's strange not to hide it. Even if you like the attention, you should have been aware that you were at risk of being chased. 

With the name and profession of a songstress, it's almost possible to identify the individual. But that didn't happen because the people who were chasing you recognized you as another profession. 

It's all just speculation, full of holes, but it strangely makes sense." 
"That's true. I am a songstress." 
"Well then, what about Cielmer?" 
"Asking that is a breach of etiquette, you know?" 

When I smiled and replied, Carol made a suspicious face. Well, I fought without hiding the fact that I was a dancer, so it was only natural. 

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

