Su Chan pondered for a while before suddenly having an idea.

She was too hasty before and missed something.

Xia Wu Yin's clothes...

Ancient clothes demon, Zhen Hun.

No wonder she felt a threat from Blood Stained Spring and Autumn just now.

But... it doesn't matter anymore.

Since she has gained the recognition of Zhen Hun, it means that Zhen Hun believes that the threat of Evil Spirit Mountain has been resolved.

"It seems that I still need to go and see for myself."

Looking at the fierce Blood Ape Asura field below, Su Chan casually put away her flute. She has done everything she needs to do, and since there is nothing else to do, she might as well go and take a look.

= =

After Xia Ge finished shouting those words, the system seemed to be mute and didn't dare to say anything else.

Tian Zhu Ling was on the side, comforting Xia Ge by gently rubbing her cheek.

Then she lifted Gu Peijiu's sleeve and wanted to crawl back in.

A touch of green caught Xia Ge's eye, and it seemed somewhat familiar.

The sleeve fell down, covering Tian Zhu Ling's shrunken body wrapped around Gu Peijiu's snow-white wrist.

Xia Ge wiped away her tears and carefully reached out to lift the sleeve to see what was underneath.

"Roar-"

The howl of the evil spirit was sharp and piercing! Xia Ge suddenly raised her head, and the next moment, both Gu Peijiu and Xia Ge disappeared.

And where they had just been, a huge pit smashed by a fist appeared!
A fierce demon with a terrifying face clenched its fist and pointed the finger that had turned into an axe towards Xia Ge.

Xia Ge held Gu Peiju with one hand, and the embroidered ribbon with cloud patterns lifted a black arc in the air. She was afraid of touching her wound, so she couldn't make big movements and could only run around to avoid the enemy.

The sandalwood on Senior Sister's body was very light, and the stronger scent was the faint smell of blood.

Xia Ge pursed her lips.

Fortunately, she had the power of the town soul, and her speed was still considered fast. Barely managing to shake off a few evil spirits that were chasing her, she also managed to avoid the most dangerous area.

Xia Ge shook off the evil spirit with the axe that was chasing her the closest and found a hill with a stream to hide. She carefully laid Senior Sister flat by the stream.

Gu Peiju's cheeks were pale due to excessive blood loss, but she still looked at her with shiny black eyes.

Bright and gentle.

After feeding her the hundred soul pill, it seemed to have no effect.

Xia Ge touched her forehead, which was a little hot, and it seemed like she was going to have a fever.

Xia Ge found a piece of clothing from the flowing silver and tore off a soft piece of cloth, soaked it in the stream, and folded it neatly to cover Gu Peiju's forehead.

"Senior Sister..."

Xia Ge met Gu Peiju's black eyes and suddenly felt powerless.

What should she do?

What should she do?!

System: "I do have a resurrection pill...but you..."

She couldn't afford it.

"That pill won't help Senior Sister," Xia Ge said, "Your resurrection pill can only restore the body to its original state, but not the soul."

Senior Sister's soul was injured by the poison.

They had to use soul to replenish the soul.
"Baihun Pill...

Xia Ge's movement paused slightly, as a thought flashed through her mind like lightning!

- Wan Hun Pill!!

= =

Evil Spirit Mountain Basin.

Su Chan quickly found the rather crude barrier.

But even if it was fragile, and even if it could be described as a rudimentary barrier, it was still somewhat difficult to break through with the added power of the Town Soul.

But this didn't pose a problem for Su Chan.

With little effort, Su Chan entered the barrier. However, just as she entered the passage, a sharp red streak suddenly rushed towards her, moving as fast as lightning.

"Chirp--"

Su Chan caught the thing that flew towards her with one hand, and upon seeing what it was, raised an eyebrow and chuckled lightly.

"Oh, this was abandoned?"

The lovesick thing struggled in her hand, writhing under the imposing blood-stained aura, looking like it did not want to lose and had a particularly tenacious look.

Su Chan paid it no mind, simply gently stroking it.

In an instant, the lovesick thing seemed to be frozen in place, unable to move at all.

"Really pitiful." Su Chan's gaze was very gentle, "Sometimes, it's just like this."

The hem of her blood-stained spring and autumn clothes dragged a long tail on the passage, and the girl in red had already returned to her original form, walking quietly in the passage, revealing her round shoulders and delicate collarbone, her black hair falling loosely behind her, and her bare back revealing a tender and delicate skin that was faintly visible.

She seemed to be chatting idly, but also seemed to be talking to herself.

"After being abandoned, there is always a slight possibility that one day, she will wake up from her dream and be able to see her."

"But in this world, nothing has ever let me down." Su Chan lightly scratched the lovesick thing, "Except for disappointment."

The lovesick thing that was scratched suddenly became active again, trying to escape once more, but it was unable to get away no matter how hard it tried, and it was shaking with anxiety. Su Chan chuckled lightly, finding it amusing, but her eyes were indifferent, not caring about anything. "
"Why do you still want to go find her?" Su Chan said. "Look, you're just like me."

"I always think that I'm the one who was left behind," the young girl muttered to herself. "I just feel that she wants to go to a faraway place alone. When she gets tired, she will come back."

"Maybe she can't find her way back," Su Chan said. "I just think that if I wait slowly, not for too long, she will come back to find me."

"I'm also worried that she said she left, did she find her way to that place?" 

"Or maybe she got hurt in a place I don't know about..."

Su Chan walked and slowly stopped.

In the pitch-black corridor, there was not a trace of light.

"I... can't bear to see her get hurt," she murmured.

She could manipulate everyone in the palm of her hand, she could laugh as she watched others cry and suffer in her traps.

She could gently kiss that person's cheek and then kill anyone who coveted her in the next moment.

She never liked Gu Peiju.

From the moment Gu Peiju appeared in Xia Wushuang's sight.

Su Chan knew that she wouldn't like this wooden person.

Because that person's eyes looking at Gu Peiju were different.

Xia Wushuang always looked at people with a smile, either gentle, optimistic, or playful.

But her eyes looking at Gu Peiju were different.

It was something that the god of fortune and misfortune, who was used to seeing life and death, couldn't see.

The first time they met, Xia Wushuang said, "Hahaha, let me introduce you. This is Gu Peiju, my only leader!"

Her tone was proud and happy.

Su Chan couldn't describe that feeling.

But she knew that she wouldn't like the wooden person behind Xia Wushuang.
When the wooden man looked at Xia Wushuang, his eyes were very gentle. Su Chan couldn't describe the tenderness, the lingering and infatuation in his eyes.

Su Chan hated the look of that broken wooden man.

She even had the impulse to dig out those eyes.

But what made Su Chan hate Gu Peijiu was that one night.

She remembered that night, they were in the bamboo forest cottage.

That night, she was awakened by a nightmare and went to find Xia Wushuang, but couldn't find her no matter how hard she tried.

She was very uneasy, running around barefoot, looking for her everywhere, buried in panic and despair. She didn't understand what love and affection were, but she knew that if she couldn't find Xia Wushuang, she would cry.

Then she found her.

The bamboo on the mountain was very beautiful. There was a protruding stone from the back mountain called the Wanshan Stone. Sitting there, you could see the lights of thousands of households in the world and the stars above your head.

The girl named Xia Wushuang was wearing wooden clogs, standing on the edge of the Wanshan Stone, and the wooden man named Gu Peijiu was standing behind her.

Su Chan thought that Gu Peijiu would always stand behind her.

She... would always stand behind Xia Wushuang.

Su Chan hadn't thought about anything yet when she saw Xia Wushuang suddenly turn her head.

Su Chan instinctively shrank her neck, not knowing why she was a little guilty, but also a little excited, and a little nervous.

- Would she see herself?

Su Chan thought that she wanted her to see herself, and then she would hold her hand and take her back.

But to her disappointment, Xia Wushuang didn't see her. When she turned her head, she just happened to meet Gu Peijiu's eyes.

In that moment of eye contact with Gu Peijiu, she seemed to be stunned.

The moonlight was very gentle, and Su Chan could see it very clearly.

Xia Wushuang...

The always smiling and happy Xia Wushuang cried that day.
Tears fell as she looked at Gu Peiju.

That day, Xia Wushuang hugged the broken wooden neck and gently kissed her eye. His movements were gentle, but tears streamed down his face. In that moment, Su Chan's nails dug into her flesh, almost drawing blood. She felt like she was going crazy.

She didn't cry, she found Xia Wushuang, but he cried. Not because of her, but because of someone else. She didn't know what this feeling that surged from the bottom of her heart was. Perhaps the intense emotion that almost drove her crazy was jealousy or hatred, or something else. But no matter what it was, Su Chan knew that no one could make Xia Wushuang cry. Whoever made him cry, she would make them die!!

Gods have no emotions. She was the most emotionless god. Su Chan closed her eyes. ...The most emotionless, but crazy for one person.

"...I thought she would come back," Su Chan repeated. "But she didn't. Every time, she didn't."
In the corridor, there was an empty echo.

"She found someone she likes more," Su Chan said. "So, she's not needed anymore."

Love struggled, feeling a bit uneasy.

It thought of Zhen Hun.

Immediately, it wilted.

Zhen Hun was very powerful, and especially cunning; it couldn't beat him.

But it couldn't bear to leave its master.

Would the master like it more than they liked themselves?

Love could understand Su Chan's words, and because it understood, it began to be conflicted.

If it found its master and the master didn't want it, what would it do?

Yi Mei was originally made up of the remnants and obsessions of the world, with the seven emotions and six desires that humans have, including jealousy, possession, fear, and unease.

When they were used by humans, they hoped that the other party would give themselves wholeheartedly.

Wholeheartedly, never betraying.

Like a puppet.

Su Chan softly said to Love, "You're too weak, so no one will be with you forever."

"All loss stems from not being strong enough."

Love thought about it and twitched its tail.

- You're very powerful, but why isn't the person you want by your side?

Su Chan: "..."

Su Chan said, "Because I let go."

So, she slept alone for five hundred years, waiting in pain.
Translation:

Longing: Why let go? If I were strong enough, I would definitely grab onto my master's hair, kick away the Town Soul, and never let go even if it means death.

Su Chan: "What if she is in pain, what would you do?"

Longing: ...

After thinking about it, if my master is in pain, it's better to let go quickly.
