"You actually understand," Qin Yue looked at her calmly, "but you just don't want to admit it."

This child is really good.

If... she had met someone like this at the beginning, it would have been great.

Xia Ge didn't argue, she looked up and gazed at the withered branches of the pear tree above her head.

"I'm not unwilling," Xia Ge said, "it's just tiring to be like this."

Qin Yue looked at her.

"Having someone in your heart already feels like it's enough," Xia Ge said, "when I wake up during the day, I wonder if she's awake, and when I sleep, I think about if I could find her in my dreams. When I'm eating, I feel full after just a few bites, but then I realize that I haven't even taken a bite of the bun."

"They say that doing something when you're upset can calm you down, but when I'm upset, I just want to play the flute... before, when I couldn't afford a flute, I could still blow little stars with a willow leaf, but now, even with the famous Eight Wilderness Flute, I can't even blow a single star."

"I used to think that I wasn't very smart, but I was still a little clever. But now, I wish I could pry open my skull and see if there's cotton inside."

"It's like I became stupid overnight, I can't learn anything, my head feels full, yet empty."

"Leader," Qin Yue said.

The gentle wind scattered the broken leaves, the gloomy weather, and the girl in red standing behind Xia Ge at the archway.

Xia Ge turned around and looked at Su Chan, without stopping, her voice shallowly said, "It's already so tiring to miss someone, I really don't have the energy to find ways to hate someone again."

The coldness around them was palpable.

Qin Yue felt a headache coming on.

...Who said she was unwilling?

This child's knife can injure people all over, yet she's speechless.

Su Chan nodded slightly towards Qin Yue, indicating that she understood, and then smiled at Xia Ge as if nothing had happened, "It's cold outside, don't walk too far."

Xia Ge didn't respond and walked away.

Su Chan was sensible enough not to follow her, and casually glanced at the direction she was walking in, saying to Qin Yue as if they were chatting, "This pear tree has been withered for a long time."

Qin Yue lowered her head and responded with a sound.
"Do you believe it?"

Qin Yue made a sound of agreement, her tone slightly rising to express her confusion.

"All things have spirits."

Su Chan walked to the pear tree, her white jade hand dyed with rouge gently stroking the dry bark of the tree. The corners of her lips curved slightly. "Just like a dead puppet."

"Even a dead tree has a soul."

Qin Yue couldn't quite grasp Su Chan's current mood, so she cautiously replied, "I don't understand, Your Excellency."

After she finished speaking, she saw Su Chan's white hand slightly glowing with a warm, emerald green light.

That green light slowly expanded.

It was like the ripples that spread out on a calm lake when a stone was thrown in. The green light spread out from Su Chan's hand in circles, and the coldness of early spring disappeared, replaced by an indescribable warmth.

This power was pure and immaculate, as if it was an ancient blessing that could bring prosperity to all things.

Su Chan's lips curved into a gentle smile, her gaze tender and affectionate, as if she was facing her most loyal follower, the pear tree.

Qin Yue, as the High Priestess of the Demon Cult, widened her eyes in disbelief as she looked at Su Chan.

This was...the power of a god?!

The withered trees were rejuvenated.

The dry branches quickly sprouted buds, and the lush greenery slowly covered the overlapping branches. Ignoring the cold wind of early spring, small flower buds soon appeared between the intertwined branches.

A tree full of splendid pear blossoms bloomed in the courtyard in an instant.

The soft petals fluttered in the wind, and the fragrant scent of the pear blossoms drifted away.

Qin Yue's expression became slightly solemn, and she respectfully lowered her head.

The priests of the Thousand Souls Sect could become generation after generation of leaders, but the one they truly served was always this otherworldly deity who had long been asleep and could shake the heavens with a smile.

Xia Ge had not gone far when a flurry of small white petals drifted over from behind her in the sky, gently falling at her feet.

The system said, "The pear blossoms have bloomed?"
Some surprise.

Xia Ge shook her head and continued walking forward.

The petals rolled up her dress and finally fell to the ground.

Behind Xia Ge, the tall pear tree in the courtyard bloomed into a brilliant mist of flowers, like a dream.

However, she hadn't walked a few steps when she suddenly saw a shadow.

A very short and quick moment.

Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted, and she instinctively followed, "Wait!"

In the pear courtyard.

Pear blossoms fluttered in the sky, beautiful and dreamlike.

Just like what the child said when she was young, when the pear tree was planted in the middle, when the pear blossoms bloomed, no matter where she was, she could see the flowers.

But...

Qin Yue paused and said, "She is no longer that young."

Su Chan smiled slightly, "I know."

She paused, raised her head, and in her narrow, beautiful eyes, scattered petals fluttered, "But this is also good."

Qin Yue didn't understand.

For Qin Shuang, who doesn't remember anything, everything from childhood is like passing clouds. Even if the leader tries so hard to please her, it will inevitably be of no use.

Su Chan suddenly smiled ambiguously, "Probably...one pear tree, pressing down on the sea of ​​peach blossoms?"

Qin Yue: "..."

Qin Yue's face twitched, feeling that there was nothing to say to this god who was hundreds of years old, "I'll take my leave."

Qin Yue also left.

Su Chan's smile slightly faded.
The wind scattered the pear blossoms, the red clothes and white flowers, highlighting the stunning beauty of the young girl.

She lifted her head and looked at the withered branches where the petals fell. However, for some reason, she felt a bit melancholy.

Regardless of what Su Chan meant by the pear blossoms, Xia Ge followed the person and quickly caught up with them. The person seemed nervous and kept their head down.

"What are you hiding from?" Xia Ge grabbed their shoulder and tried to turn them around, but before she could see their face, she felt a gust of wind from her side. She quickly dodged and let go of their shoulder. At the same time, a sharp piece of metal flew past her cheek, cutting a few strands of her hair before embedding itself into the stone wall behind her.

Xia Ge looked up and saw two figures disappear in the blink of an eye. The other person was obviously more familiar with the terrain of the demonic cult than she was.

Behind her, she heard two thumps and turned around to see two dead guards kneeling behind her. "We're sorry for being late, please punish us, Miss!"

The two were nervous because Xia Ge had previously become angry and ordered them to keep their distance. But now, an accident had occurred.

Xia Ge touched her face and found that she was not injured. She took the small piece of metal from the wall and turned to walk in another direction. "It's none of your business, don't follow me."

She opened her palm and saw that the metal piece was small, and the other person did not intend to harm her.

She pursed her lips slightly.

Did she see it wrong just now, or was it really Mao Qing?

When she was brought back to the demonic cult by Su Chan, she only thought about getting the antidote from her senior sister and the love potion. She had completely forgotten about Su Chan's initial disguise as Mao Qing - or rather, she thought Su Chan was just temporarily using Mao Qing's identity.

Thinking back now, Xia Ge vaguely remembered that something was off about Mao Qing a long time ago. She had observed her closely, but other than her strange behavior, she hadn't done anything harmful to others. Moreover, Dan Feng didn't have any important secrets for Ling Xi Peak. As time went on, she got used to it and stopped paying attention. But now that she thought about it carefully...

So, Mao Qing had been swapped out a long time ago?

What she had just seen...

She turned around. "You, come out."
The two dead soldiers who had been following quietly looked at each other.

Xia Ge said, "Stop pretending, the two of you, come out."

After hesitating for a moment, the two slowly revealed their figures.

Xia Ge didn't bother to blame them for not obeying her orders. Since they were Su Chan's people, she asked directly, "Do you know who those two people were just now?"

"We're investigating it now, we'll find out soon, please miss..." One of them answered smoothly, as if he was waiting for her to ask.

Xia Ge interrupted him, "Is it that someone doesn't want me to know, or is the Qian Hun Sect so incompetent that they can't even find out who the person is?"

The two suddenly became speechless.

"Fine." Xia Ge said coldly, "Let me say it one last time, don't follow me. This is your territory, and I can't escape."

That night.

The desert was cold, but it wasn't very cold in the Qian Hun Sect. The Qian Hun Sect had a high mountain that protruded upward. It wasn't very noticeable during the day, but at night, you could see the white light shining on the top of the mountain.

Xia Ge didn't go back to her room. She stared at the place where the white light was shining, squatting on the roof and thinking. The shadow she had seen during the day that was extremely similar to Mao Qing was imprinted in her mind. Without using the reconnaissance technique of the system, she could almost confirm that the person was Mao Qing.

There was a breeze blowing behind her.

Xia Ge knew who it was without turning her head.

"It's time to rest," she said gently, "it's not good for your health to be in the cold wind."

Xia Ge didn't say anything.

Su Chan didn't force her either. She sat down beside her, the night wind was gentle, blowing their clothes.

Su Chan said, "The person you wanted to investigate today, I..."

Xia Ge didn't want to talk to her and said directly, "I don't want to know who she is anymore."

Su Chan didn't insist and smiled slightly, raising her head to look at the light on the top of the mountain with Xia Ge.

It was very quiet.

The tense atmosphere seemed to be resolved by this quietness.
The two of them fell silent.

The starry sky was filled with light, and Su Chan said, "Isn't that light beautiful?"

Xia Ge didn't say anything.

But it was indeed beautiful.

In the night sky without stars or moon, one could look up and see the brilliant light shining on the mountaintop.

In the pitch-black night, confused people always instinctively look up to the brightness of high places.

It's instinct.

"...Beautiful light always makes people feel pain," Su Chan said. "There was a time when I was lost."

As if knowing that Xia Ge wouldn't respond, she didn't mind and just kept talking, "I used to really like someone."

"But you like so many people," Xia Ge said nonchalantly. "You see someone you like and you like them."

Su Chan laughed it off and looked at the light. "I really like her now."

Xia Ge thought of Qin Yue saying that Su Chan liked her and suddenly felt that Qin Yue was probably fooling her.

How could Qin Yue say something like that when Su Chan had been so cunning and malicious towards her?

She must be fooling her.

Xia Ge: "..." Suddenly feeling a bit embarrassed for being presumptuous.

Xia Ge seriously reflected on whether she had done anything presumptuous, but after reflection, she found that she hadn't.

Except for expressing her feelings passionately in the pear tree courtyard, there was nothing else.

"...Then go after her," Xia Ge said casually, voicing her thoughts - if you like someone, go pursue them, why bother bothering her?

"Okay." Su Chan didn't mind Xia Ge's argument, smiled tolerantly, her narrow eyes slightly raised with a seductive arc, still looking at the light. "But sometimes, I feel like I'm not worthy."

Su Chan recalled a long, long time ago.

That person, dressed in white, stained with the blood color of the blooming Higanbana, pointed the sword at her throat, with cold and merciless eyes.
"When I first saw her like that, I actually had a way to save her."

"But I didn't want to."

"I've always been selfish."

Cursed by the heavens and plagued with misfortune, as the only remaining god with a divine position, she had a way to save her.

But...

As the light shone down, a shadow fell upon Su Chan's eyelashes, "I don't think it matters, no matter how many people she kills, mortal lives are like fleeting clouds to me, they're just ants, covered in blood. Even if the whole world abandons her, I will still be by her side."

That's what she thought, and she wasn't wrong. ◇
