The girl in the red and white maple dress stood up and walked to Xia Ge's side, picking up the Dan Book that she had thrown to the side. With her slender and fair fingers, she flipped to the page for "Fasting Pill" and asked, "Which one?"

The cool scent of sandalwood drifted in the air, causing Xia Ge to blush. She pointed to the item below "Lingzhi Wood."

"Jie Mu," said Gu Peiju with a clear and distinct voice, enunciating each syllable. The scent of sandalwood from the girl beside her was warm and gentle.

Xia Ge scratched her head awkwardly and said, "Oh, Jie Mu, Jie Mu, I got it, I got it..."

The system coldly commented on the side, "Oh, Jie Mu, a top student."

Xia Ge thought to herself, can I uninstall this system, seriously?

Gu Peiju asked, "What else?"

Xia Ge pointed to "Jie Mu" and then to "Jie Zi" below it. "This one..."

"'Jie (jie),' " said Gu Peiju.

Xia Ge was speechless.

Gu Peiju helped Xia Ge pronounce all the names of the materials one by one until she was able to pronounce them all correctly. After making sure that Xia Ge could read the book on her own and not run around, Gu Peiju handed the Dan Book to Xia Ge and said in a soft voice, "You read here and memorize it. Don't wander around. I'll go get the materials."

After giving her instructions, Gu Peiju got up and left the Dan Pavilion. Xia Ge held the Dan Book and looked at the slender back of the girl in the red and white maple dress, feeling hopeless.

She thought to herself, this is embarrassing. She's already so old, and she still needs a 16-year-old girl to teach her how to read.

Looking around, there weren't many people in the Dan Pavilion to begin with, and the senior sister was also a disciple in charge. With just one order, no one would come in here.

The power of privilege.

After sighing for a while, Xia Ge threw away the Dan Book. Those words were just a bit uncommon, and she wasn't stupid. After going through them once, she basically remembered them all.

Then Xia Ge took out a few green hawthorns and unripe green jujubes and mulberries from her pocket. She hesitated for a moment before taking out a mulberry.
System: "It doesn't seem ripe..."

Xia Ge tossed mulberries into her mouth. "Mm, hawthorn can't be eaten. I'll keep them covered and try them later. The mulberries taste a bit bitter..."

System: "This hawthorn is too unripe, isn't it?"

Xia Ge replied, "I just found a few red ones."

She had even thrown them to her senior sister, but she didn't show any reaction.

Feeling sad.jpg

Based on its experience of competing with the host in the past, the system snorted coldly, "You're either trying to deceive or steal when you're being nice for no reason."

Xia Ge felt wronged. "How can you say that? She really wanted to thank someone sincerely this time."

As she spoke, she absentmindedly mistook a green hawthorn for a mulberry and threw it into her mouth. Xia Ge felt that the size was off, but still bit into it out of habit.

"Crunch."

She spat it out with a "puh" and jumped three feet high. "Holy shit, it's so sour! My teeth are falling out!"

System: "..."

Why wasn't it feeling any sympathy when it should have?

Xia Ge found a glass of water to rinse her mouth and looked at the fruit in her arms in despair. "Why is this so disgusting?"

"Then put it down."

As soon as she heard the voice, Xia Ge instinctively shoved the fruit in her hand into her arms and picked up the alchemy book that had been thrown aside earlier, pretending to read it seriously. "Haha, senior sister, I'm reading a book... You came back so soon?"

The girl in the red and white maple robe carried a basket with material packets on top. She looked at Xia Ge quietly with her cold black eyes.

A green hawthorn rolled out of Xia Ge's clothes and fell on the wooden floor, bouncing twice before rolling to the girl's feet.

Xia Ge's smile froze for a second.

The air suddenly became quiet.

The girl in the red and white maple robe put the material packets from the basket on the redwood table and bent down to pick up the green fruit on the ground. Her eyebrows furrowed as she looked at it, then she looked at the bulging clothes in Xia Ge's arms. "Throw it away."
"..."

Xia Ge wrapped the fruits in her arms and pretended not to hear, "Ah, Senior Sister, did you bring the materials?"

Gu Peijiu paused, the hawthorn fruit on her fingertips still warm. She nodded, calmly tucking the hawthorn fruit into her sleeve before lifting the white cloth covering the basket.

Xia Ge looked closer and saw that the basket was filled with five or six freshly steamed buns. As soon as the cloth was lifted, a strong fragrance wafted out.

Xia Ge's eyes lit up.

"I forgot that you haven't eaten yet," Gu Peijiu said, watching the young man in plain clothes holding onto the wild fruits with anticipation. She felt a strange feeling rising in her heart.

If... he wore the Danfeng plain clothes, this child would look even better.

So thin.

"Throw those away."

Her heart was slightly stirred, but her expression remained unchanged. Gu Peijiu said in a light voice, "Throw them away and come eat."

The food was all provided by the big shots!

Xia Ge obediently threw the half-ripe fruits in his arms into the nearby waste paper basket and ran to the girl with the book, "Thank you, Senior Sister!"

"Xia Wuyin, don't pick the unripe fruits," Gu Peijiu said, watching the young man nibbling on the juicy buns. She remembered the few bright red hawthorn fruits in her hand earlier, "...if you're hungry, tell me."

Xia Ge ate his bun like a kitten, his mouth full of juice. He replied quickly, "Yes, Senior Sister. I'm hungry... can I skip alchemy today?"

System: "..."

What's the logical connection between being hungry and not doing alchemy?

Clearly, there was none.

Gu Peijiu watched Xia Wuyin, who claimed to be very hungry but had yet to finish half of his bun after a long time, "You have half an incense stick's time to finish eating, then we'll start."

Xia Ge: "Qaq"

Gu Peijiu added, "Also, don't throw the wild fruits in the waste paper basket. That's for discarded paper."
Xia Ge was eating a steamed bun when Gu Peijiu said, "Xia Wuyin, you dropped your alchemy book."

Xia Ge replied, "Senior Sister, I'm eating."

Gu Peijiu said, "Then don't hold the book while eating."

Xia Ge said, "I..."

The girl in red and white maple clothes had no expression on her face and spoke in a flat voice, "Xia Wuyin."

Xia Ge said, "...oh."

...Why is this person so picky!!!

Return the few hawthorn berries she picked to her, jerk!

= =

While Xia Ge was focused on alchemy, Gu Peijiu was called away by a boy dressed in white like mourning clothes. It seemed that there was something important to discuss among the three senior disciples at the Lingxi Peak Council Chamber. Or it might be about the incident yesterday where the Demon Cult's thousand puppets surrounded the village. But whatever it was, it seemed to have nothing to do with Xia Ge.

However...

Before leaving, the girl in red and white maple clothes looked at her and left two sentences.

"Xia Wuyin, do it the way I taught you."

"You can dispose of the remaining useless materials."

Xia Ge didn't know if it was intentional or unintentional, but she found that the girl had left her three portions of materials.

After following her senior sister's method to make pills, Xia Ge blew up the furnace three times in a row and ended up with two extremely ugly black pills. The first time, she didn't even get to see what the Qi Opening Pill looked like. It exploded into ashes in the furnace. The second and third times, she managed to salvage a complete pill from the pile of ashes.
After the third furnace explosion, Xia Ge suddenly understood the deep meaning behind Senior Sister leaving her three sets of materials.

Staring at the two black, extremely ugly pills in her hand, Xia Ge rubbed her chin and said, "Xiao Kui."

"Hmm?"

"Just like how every chef hopes that their dishes will be praised as delicious, every doctor hopes to save patients who are on the brink of death, and every artist hopes that their works can be appreciated by like-minded individuals--"

System: "Please speak in plain language."

Xia Ge hit her hand with emotion, "I feel that the peerless divine pill I refined should be tasted by someone who shares the same aspirations as me."

... There is no such person.

System: "You must remember that you are a disciple of Lingxi Peak."

Xia Ge: "Hmm?" What's wrong with being a disciple of Lingxi Peak?

System: "So remember, never seek personal gain at the cost of others' lives."

Xia Ge couldn't believe it, "How is this seeking personal gain at the cost of others' lives! The pill I refined is a rejuvenation pill!"

System: "..." Didn't you refine the pill for the purpose of fasting?

After a pause, the system tried to reason with her, "Your pill is too ugly, no one will eat it."

Xia Ge rubbed her chin, "I also think so... Hey, when I was looking at your points mall earlier, besides the buns from Jinjiang Baozi Shop, it seems like there's nothing else I can buy... You said you got some cheap goods before, do you have anything else I can afford?"

The system was a bit confused by her sudden jump in thought, "Yes."

Xia Ge immediately opened the points mall that only she could see, and a green screen appeared before her eyes. She entered a price range of 0-15 and pressed search.

A row of miscellaneous small commodities instantly appeared before her eyes.

The first one on the list was the 15-point bun from Jinjiang Baozi Shop.

Xia Ge: "..." 

I really don't know why I have such a fondness for this bun.

Xia Ge silently clicked on the reverse order.
The first-ranked item this time is a product worth one point.

Xia Ge silently looked at the first-ranked Auntie X sanitary pad in the rankings, lost in thought.

Sanitary pads are actually being sold for one point... This kind of illogical thing is being sold so cheaply, it seems a bit inconsistent with the logic of the points mall.

The system explained silently, "Considering the convenience of the host, Auntie X sanitary pad has deliberately adjusted the price."

Xia Ge said, "...Oh."

Unfortunately, this body is too young and malnourished, and this cheap thing is really useless to her for now.

Xia Ge thought for a while. Although fifteen points are very few, there are many strange things that can be bought with them.

There is "Mary Sue Holy Water" that can make items and people emit colorful holy light, "Potential Gun" that can quickly burst out huge potential for one minute after being shot, and "Paper Pill" that can turn into a small piece of paper for three minutes after being eaten...

Xia Ge was tempted.

"They all look pretty fun..."

The system mercilessly poured cold water on her, "Host, for long-term considerations, you should save some points to stock up on sanitary pads. Friendly reminder, with your current assets, you can only buy fifteen pads at most."

Xia Ge said, "..."

"Oh well, whatever. What time is it? Did Ye Ze finish class?"

The system asked, "What do you want to do?"

After being frustrated in the points mall, Xia Ge took out the "Peerless Divine Pill" from her pocket with a concerned look, "It's been a day, he's probably hungry."

"The male lead will cause the world to collapse if he dies."

Xia Ge sadly put away the fasting pill, "Ah, what a pity."

The system said, "..."

Did you really want to feed Ye Ze just now...

"Ah, a true friend is hard to come by in life. It's the hardest thing to find a bosom friend that will last through the ages." Xia Ge turned a corner with a sigh, and walked down the mountain path, trying to take a shortcut back to the village. Who knew that after taking a few steps, she suddenly heard a sharp and sarcastic sneer not far away.

"Trash from Danfeng, you deserve to be trampled underfoot!"
Danfeng Outer Sect disciple Xia Ge said, "...".
