Every day, the routine of begging is that Xiage returns with a full load, while Yeze's hands are empty.

It's already been half a month.

"Today is a good day," Xiage says with a piece of grass in her mouth. "Look over there, they're celebrating. Why does Xiaozes always look unhappy?"

Yeze ignores her and focuses on his bread.

Yeze used to beg alone, but since Xiage came, they have been begging together. He's not used to it and doesn't have a good attitude towards her.

The celebration over there is lively, and Xiage loves to join in. She pulls Yeze, "Let's go and find out what's going on."

Yeze glares at her. "It's none of my business. You can go by yourself."

Xiage is disappointed.

It's so lively over there, maybe it's a wedding, and they might get some candy.

People passing by are also talking about it.

"Is someone's daughter getting married?"

Xiage suddenly perks up and leaves Yeze behind, pretending to be a passerby.

"What wedding? It's the Chu family... Do you know the Chu family in Chang'an?"

The listener gasps, "The Chu family? Is this a branch of the Chu family in Chang'an?"

Xiage looks up and sees the grand decorations, with the words "Chu Mansion" written on the plaque.

Chang'an... the Chu family?

"That's the one," someone nods. "The illegitimate daughter has become the legitimate daughter. It's a big deal, so they're celebrating."

"What does that mean?"

The illegitimate daughter has become the legitimate daughter? Isn't it about marrying off a daughter?
There were no wedding candies to grab.

Xia Ge suddenly lost all her enthusiasm and continued to listen with a lack of interest, looking around for any targets that could provide her with some food.

"I heard it's because the head of the family's main wife died, so they promoted a concubine to become the main wife..."

"Died? How did she die?"

"They said it was from an illness, who knows."

"Ah? Someone just died...and they're already celebrating with decorations. It doesn't seem appropriate, right?"

"We're celebrating the new eldest daughter of the new main wife. The main wife's funeral has been going on for several days." The person spoke and was then caught up in the conversation. Mysteriously, they said, "It is said that the main wife was a bit crazy. Although they said it was an illness that killed her, I don't believe it. I have a friend who works in Chang'an and heard that the main wife died a really gruesome death...both eyes were gouged out, and her whole body was covered in blood..."

Hearing this, the listener gasped in shock. "That's so scary?!"

"It's just a rumor, a rumor." The person finished speaking and couldn't help but sigh. "Ah, but it's true...because the daughter wasn't favored by her father, she ended up with such a tragic fate. She's a pitiful person."

The other person also shook their head and sighed when they heard this, looking at the decorations. "You can't judge a book by its cover. This wealthy family is really something."

People only see the surface prosperity and envy it, but who knows how many nameless bones are buried underneath.

"A thin camel is still bigger than a horse. The Chu family was once a royal family that conquered the four seas." The speaker laughed. "It's not surprising that something like this happened."

Xia Ge listened until the end and also sighed. What did it mean to rely on one's mother's status and father's power? She was really seeing it now.

But it seemed like it had nothing to do with filling her stomach...

It wasn't a daughter's wedding or a candy giveaway, just a simple celebration. It was really boring.

There seemed to be a pretty girl over there...she could act cute and get some food.

Xia Ge put Ye Ze aside and ran off to have some fun.

Hmm, Ye Ze had arms and legs, so he could always get some food from his rich family.

System: "Host, your task..."

Xia Ge: "Huh?"

She had just remembered that she still had a task to become a trusted friend of Ye Ze.
It's been half a month with no progress, I almost forgot about it.

"Ugh...Jin Datui is too stubborn," Xia Ge took a bite of the pastry she got from the little sister and sighed, "It's too difficult to make him trust me wholeheartedly, I can't do it."

The system: "..."

After thinking for a moment, the system tempted her, "The reward is that you can learn very powerful light skills! You can go wherever you want and run as high as you want!"

Xia Ge was a little tempted, although she didn't like the system's tone of coaxing a child, but it was true that art shouldn't be limited by one's physical abilities.

But thinking of Ye Ze's temper, Xia Ge shook her head practically, "I can't do it."

How could she expect a child whose family was destroyed to trust others wholeheartedly?

Ye Ze was a bit naive, but he wasn't stupid.

"Can't you lower your expectations a bit?" Xia Ge thought for a moment and suggested, "How about this, if he says he believes me, you can give me the reward?"

The system: "No..." How shameless can you be?

Xia Ge was straightforward, "Then I won't do it."

What's the big deal about light skills? She could just not learn them.

The system felt that Xia Ge was indifferent - she really didn't care.

Whether or not she hugged someone's thigh, whether or not she learned light skills, as long as she could eat her fill and be happy, she didn't care about anything else.

If she said she wouldn't do it, she really wouldn't do it.

A barefoot person is not afraid of someone wearing shoes.

After much deliberation, the system reluctantly agreed to her request, but unwilling to let her off too easily, it added, "But he must believe you when he says that!"

"Whatever," Xia Ge shrugged.

Anyway, she didn't plan on doing it.

After finishing the pastry, Xia Ge clapped her hands and her eyes suddenly lit up, "Hey, little sister over there, your hairpin is really pretty-"

The system: "..."
"You should go find Jin Datui instead!!"

On this side, Ye Ze finished biting the steamed bun, and when he looked up, Xia Ge was gone.

Ye Ze: "......"

That unreliable brat!

He slapped his hands in frustration, stood up, looked at the brightly lit Chu Mansion from afar, snorted, and muttered under his breath, "Ignorant."

After saying that, he couldn't help but take a few more glances.

There was a time when the Ye family was like this too...

Ye Ze snapped out of his thoughts, just as he was about to leave, he suddenly heard a piercing scream!

"Ah - puppet! There's a puppet!!"

Ye Ze was stunned, and the next moment, a person rushed out of the alley on his right -

No, not a person.

Just, looked a lot like a person.

The green clothes it was wearing seemed to be that of a woman, with black magic spreading across her face in agony. The magic gradually condensed together, spreading across her body, and the light green clothes slowly turned black from the magic. The pitch-black magic lingered like the night, turning the clothes into a black cloak. The material of her face seemed to be made of metal, and with the spread of the magic, a ferocious bronze mask gradually formed. It moved extremely fast, from one alley to another, and as it passed by Ye Ze, he saw tears streaming from the corners of its eyes under the bronze mask.

The tears slid down the face that was covered by the magic, and just before the bronze mask formed, a drop fell onto Ye Ze's face.

It was cold.

"Be careful - it caught a child!!"

"Oh my god!!"

The scenery in front of him blurred, and Ye Ze finally realized, belatedly, that he had been caught!

But, there was no time to think about that now.

The enchanted puppet quickly shook off everyone who was chasing it.
Ye Ze opened his eyes and looked up at the ferocious bronze mask and the black cloak that had been transformed by magic. The scene from that night played out like a nightmare.

...It was also like this...a puppet transformed by magic.

It destroyed his home.

It took away everything from him.

- Why does this world have puppets?

Why do those puppet masters make them...and why do they let them destroy everything so recklessly?!!

Why?!!

Why must people suffer so much!!!

Ye Ze widened his eyes and almost instinctively wanted to reach out and strangle the neck of the magic puppet -

He wanted to kill these puppets!

He wanted revenge for the more than two hundred members of the Ye family who were wrongfully killed!!!

How could they take away everything from him -

However, the next second, his hand was slapped away, and the magic puppet grabbed his neck, making it difficult for him to breathe.

The puppet's eyes were originally black and white, but now they slowly spread with a bloody color.

Completely transformed by magic, some puppets' eyes turn red.

Losing all rationality.

- Am I going to die?

Am I going to die...?

Without accomplishing anything...I'm going to die.

Unwilling -

So unwilling!
On the other side, Ye Ze was almost choked to death by someone, while Xia Ge, who had just eaten and drunk enough, was squatting in the corner counting the copper coins she had earned in the past half month, wondering if she had enough to buy a new pair of shoes for herself. Suddenly, a gust of wind blew and her unruly hair swayed. A black shadow rushed past her eyes.

Xia Ge couldn't catch up with him and muttered, "This guy runs really fast..."

But the alley he entered seemed to be a dead end. Wait, why did the person in his arms look so familiar... huh?!

The next moment, the system's sharp voice sounded!!

"Attention!! Emergency mission!! Save the Son of Destiny!!! Save him before he dies!!!"

Xia Ge was stunned by the voice, and all she could think of in her dazed mind was Ye Ze, who was being choked by the black-clothed man in the alley, his face turning red. She almost jumped up in the next second and rushed towards the dead-end alley, "Is there a reward?!"

The system replied, "No!"

Xia Ge: "......"

System: "This is an unexpected event, and I cannot control it, but I can adjust the rewards of previous missions... If you can make him believe that you can do one thing with all your heart and soul, then there will be a reward!"

...What a mess.

[Skill Reward: One-Hit Kill!]

In fact, Xia Ge just asked casually, but she had already rushed to the entrance of the alley. She slammed on the brakes and shouted, "Stop!"

Her voice was loud and imposing!

The hand of the demonized puppet that was choking Ye Ze trembled slightly, and the red in its eyes dissipated a little. It turned its head in confusion and looked at Xia Ge.

The system checked and confirmed, "This is a puppet that has just been demonized!"

Xia Ge was scared when she saw the terrifying bronze mask of the evil spirit, and then looked at the creepy puppet, who was tall and strong. She regretted her decision to come here without knowing anything.

What kind of demonization was this? It was so scary!!

She acted as if she could save people, but why did she rush out without thinking?!

System: "You shouted well! You scared it!"

Ye Ze, who was released from the puppet's grip, saw a blurry vision and was carried away by Xia Ge while being choked. The lack of oxygen caused him to become dizzy, and he could hardly see anything.
"Who was shouting just now?" 

"Is it the person coming to save him?" 

"He can't die... He must not die... He still has to take revenge! How can he die here like this?" 

"Anyway..." 

Xia Ge silently took a step back, "I think... it would be more sensible to call for help, haha..." 

She had thin arms and legs, and although she had a little more strength than the average person, she couldn't possibly fight against this thing that looked like it could really fight! 

It was like LV0 versus LV101! 

The system cried out, "By the time you call for help, the yellow flowers will have wilted!! Completely wilted!!" 

"Don't be a coward, go ahead! You can do it!" 

Xia Ge said, "F***, you're always howling, why don't you go if you can do it?!" 

The system replied, "If I could do it, why would I let you go?!" 

Xia Ge: "..." 

However, it was now too late to run away. 

In the next second that it saw Xia Ge, the puppet's eyes, which had just faded from red, turned red again! 

"Great, it's targeting you first!!" 

The system was excited, "This way, it won't remember to strangle the one in its hand first! Ye Ze has a chance!" 

Xia Ge almost choked on her own blood when she heard the system's words. 

Damn it! She wasn't a human being?! She was being targeted too! She was going to be completely wilted too!! 

As the system had said, because it was targeting Xia Ge, the puppet didn't bother with the life or death of Ye Ze in its hand. However, it still held onto him tightly and slowly walked towards Xia Ge. 

Xia Ge's goosebumps rose from head to toe, looking at Ye Ze, who was being strangled and slow to react, and the puppet that was slowly approaching her. Her whole body was stiff. 

Ye Ze coughed twice and opened his eyes dazedly. This was a pitch-black dead end, with a faint light at the end of the alley.
"Who came to save him...?"

Some young children stood at the entrance of the alley, staring at him in the faint light of the sun.

Was it that idiot named Xia Wuyin?

He looked up and saw, in a daze, the demonic puppet staring at Xia Wuyin with a fierce, blood-red gaze.

The demonic puppet had targeted him...

So it released its grip on his neck.

In that moment, his thoughts were jumbled, and a dark idea emerged in his mind.

Grab onto the last straw of survival... Ye Ze.

You have so much burden to bear, you must do whatever it takes to survive.

The puppet has already targeted that idiot Xia Wuyin. As long as it goes to grab him, you can find a chance to escape...

"What does anyone else's life or death have to do with you? You just need to survive!"

"You're different from this smiling idiot who doesn't understand anything! You carry the burden of over two hundred unjust souls from the Ye family! Over two hundred lives, you should survive, only by surviving can you avenge them!"

"Xia Wuyin is just a little beggar, if he dies, he dies! What does it have to do with you?!"

Isn't that right?!

"...Let's go." Ye Ze heard his own voice.

He was desperately trying to turn around and run, but because of the fear that had frozen Xia Ge in place, his body suddenly stiffened even more. She hadn't turned around to run, so she was looking right into Ye Ze's eyes.

The pitch-black alley.

Those eyes were brimming with tears.

Clearly filled with unwillingness, anger, despair, even a desperate gamble, like a prisoner walking towards his doom.

Tears of despair flowed, yet there was an unextinguished glimmer in her eyes.

Unwilling, yet proud.
Despite being in the shadows, he seemed to carry the glory of someone who would rather die than surrender!

A true man does not shed tears easily.

"Get out of here! I told you to get out of here, Xia Wuyin!"

"Can't you hear me?!"

The faint voice at first turned into a desperate roar!

The demonic puppet that had been fixated on Xia Ge was startled by the voice and turned its attention to him. In the next moment, Ye Ze's neck was choked again!

His screams abruptly stopped.

He couldn't breathe.

Everything in front of him gradually blurred, and he could faintly see the back of the person named Xia Wuyin staggering away.

He left.

He left.

-Why, why did he want to live on?

-Why... still...

In his hazy memory.

"Aze."

A middle-aged man with a stern face rarely showed a hint of a smile on his lips. "... You will become the pride of our Ye family."

-You will become the pride of the Ye family.

That's right.

This sentence.

Only this sentence.

Etched in his heart.
"He no longer has a home.

He has nothing left.

He cannot lose the pride of the Ye family!

He cannot live on like a despicable person, trampling on the lives of others...

He cannot let the last bit of the Ye family's honor be disgraced!

As a woman in simple clothes entered the study, she heard the middle-aged man's words and gently rubbed her belly, smiling tenderly. "Aze is going to be a good role model for your unborn sibling, ah, maybe even a sister..."

The middle-aged man hurriedly said, "Madam, why did you come... It's only been two months, take it slow, take it slow..."

Memories were like a dream, and the past was like smoke and dust.

...I'm really going to die.

I'm sorry...Father, Aze is useless.

I'm sorry...Mother...

Just then, there was a "bang," and the hand choking him suddenly loosened!

Feeling the fresh air, Ye Ze coughed frantically, almost dying!

--Why did they let go?

He raised his head, only to find that the mask of the enchanted puppet and the left half of its head had been smashed in by a fist-sized rock, which was shaking on the ground, proving its existence.

Not far away, a backlit young boy gasped for breath, holding a rock about the same size. He stared at him and said word by word.

"Tell me, do you...trust me."

Didn't he just run away?! Why is he still here?!

What trust or not?! You should be the one running!

Ye Ze opened his eyes wide, "...Run! Didn't I tell you to run, can't you hear me--"
The demonic puppet was enraged! It grabbed Ye Ze and charged towards Xia Ge!

Xia Ge was very scared, so scared that her legs were trembling. In her previous life and the three years of this life, she had never been so scared before.

She was afraid of facing death.

But... she had no regrets.

She saw such a person for the first time.

Even in such pain, unwillingness, and despair.

They could still be so proud, with a gleam in their eyes.

Possessed by a demon.

She felt she could save this person.

Not because of the system, not because of the mission, just because she felt this person was worth it.

"Say you believe me!!!"

Xia Ge clenched a stone, stared into Ye Ze's eyes, and hoarsely said, "Ye Ze! You believe me!!!"

"Quickly say you believe me... Believe me!"

Believe that I can save you!

The demonic puppet was getting closer and closer, and it began to punch directly towards Xia Ge's head!

Xia Ge was very scared, so scared that tears were about to fall.

But she promised not to cry.

The fist wind was almost upon her...

Ye Ze's voice was almost a roar...

"I believe you!!! Now get out of here!"

At least... let him be a hero before he died!
【Ding! Mission complete! Congratulations to the host for becoming a trusted partner of Ye Ze!】

【- Obtained reward skill, Ghostly Trace!】

In the next moment, the demonic puppet was left empty-handed in front of it, and the little boy holding the stone suddenly disappeared. The puppet's fierce fist landed on the empty space, and finally smashed heavily into the wall, making a loud "bang" and creating a big hole in the stone wall!

If that had hit someone's head, the consequences would be unimaginable!

Ye Ze's mind also went blank.

Where is the person...?

It feels light.

As if it's going to fly away.

The demonic puppet felt that something was wrong, and suddenly turned around. A stone flew towards its head, causing it to dizzy and its hand to loosen. Ye Ze, who was being held by its hand, was pulled away by someone!

Xia Ge was as light as a swallow, snatched Ye Ze from its hand and ran away. However, she had just learned lightness skills and was a bit unsteady. The demonic puppet was not a pushover either. Its mask was twisted and crooked by the stone, causing it to be dizzy. However, it managed to grab Xia Ge's clothes on her shoulder with an empty hand!

Ye Ze was still in a daze, thinking that he seemed to have been saved.

Xia Ge was being pulled and couldn't move. She saw that she was about to be taken away by the puppet and gritted her teeth. She slapped Ye Ze hard to snap him out of his daze, grabbed his shoulder fiercely to prevent herself from being taken away, and looked ferocious, "Believe that I can save you!!!"

- Trust me!

With all your heart and soul, believe in me!

The little boy in front of him was pinching his shoulder, and his whole body seemed to be pulled away. Ye Ze was slapped back to his senses by the slap, and looked at Xia Ge's eyes-

This little boy seemed to be shining all over.

Those eyes seemed to be burning with raging flames.

For someone with these eyes, what could be difficult for him?

As if possessed by a ghost, Ye Ze murmured-

"I believe you."

With all my heart and soul.
"I believe you can do it!"

Ye Ze widened his eyes, word by word, extremely convinced -

"I believe in you!"

- This way, even if they were saved?! This way, even if they completed the "wholehearted" belief?!

[Ding! Mission complete! Congratulations to the host for acquiring the skill - One-hit Kill!]

[Skill explanation: As long as you have a goal in your heart, give it a starting force, no matter where the direction is, it will reach the goal in your heart like the arrow of the love god Cupid! Keep it up!]

What the hell is the love god Cupid?! I just want to stay alive now!

The next moment, Xia Ge, who was grabbed by the shoulder, kicked the stone that had fallen to the ground before with a spin -

Rain God above!

[One-hit Kill!]

The clothes on his shoulders were torn apart by the enchanted puppet. The next moment, the stone that was supposed to hit Ye Ze's face made a 180-degree turn in the air and smashed heavily on the face of the enchanted puppet!

The enchanted puppet swayed and let go.

Xia Ge didn't care about his torn clothes, pulled Ye Ze, who hadn't recovered from "how could the stone turn", and ran away, "What the hell are you still standing there for? Run!"

They fled in a panic.

Xia Ge unconsciously used the Ghost Shadow technique and ran at an inhuman speed. Ye Ze was dizzy from being pulled and stumbled. He raised his head and wanted to say something, but a small, pink butterfly suddenly came into view.

Perched on the smooth shoulder, it was a small, pink butterfly.

It was the shoulder that Xia Wu Yin had exposed when the enchanted puppet tore his clothes.

In the end, Ye Ze didn't say anything and let him pull himself away.

The two of them ran all the way out of town.

Xia Ge and Ye Ze both felt like they were about to die.

After surviving the ordeal, Xia Ge caught his breath and then grabbed Ye Ze's collar, looking fierce and revealing his true nature, "I, I'm telling you, you little brat...you better be honest with me from now on, don't...don't run around for me..."
Ye Ze muttered three words: "......"

Xia Ge didn't hear clearly, "What did you say?"

Ye Ze: "......Effeminate."

A man with a butterfly on his shoulder is effeminate.

Xia Ge: "......"

Oh my god.

Xia Ge felt that the old beggar was a wise man.

For example, he could accurately kill a mosquito with his fan every day.

Steady, accurate, and ruthless.

Xia Ge couldn't do that.

Because no mosquito bit her.

Well, this is a bad joke.

The first task of the system has been completed, although it was a matter of life and death, but fortunately... it was worth it, right?

That is to say, she is now Ye Ze's partner, ah, it sounds a bit cheesy to be called the little partner of Jin Dathigh Long Aotian.

She also has skills, Ghost Shadow and One-Hit Kill.

Very useful light work... um.

Although sometimes she couldn't control it and fell, fortunately, nothing happened.

The night was slightly darker tonight.

After Ye Ze's little partner called her effeminate, he came back with a heavy heart, and his avoidance of her was really heartbreaking.

As usual, Xia Ge closed her eyes outside, but who knew that she opened them again after a while.
Xia Ge couldn't sleep and thought of the tall puppet in black cloak and mask that she had seen during the day.

The system told her that it was a cursed puppet and not something to be taken lightly.

Xia Ge vaguely remembered that cursed puppets were nothing but cannon fodder in the book.

Even if they were cannon fodder, they still belonged to the villain camp.

She was a three-nothing... Oh no, a top ten teenager who had nothing to do with the villains.

The system explained to her the reason behind the cursed puppet's formation.

"Oh... so you mean it was originally a good puppet that could even pass as a normal person... but it would become cursed and harm people after ten years?" Xia Ge was surprised. "And that puppet just became cursed today, but had the misfortune of being touched by Ye Ze?"

"That's right," the system replied.

"No wonder it's the protagonist's accident system..." Xia Ge muttered.

It was suffocating.

The night wind was a bit chilly.

"Although it's not good to say this, you have to remember that you will become a puppet master soon," the system said.

"Oh..." Xia Ge replied.

"...Those bad things were all made by puppet masters," the system continued.

"Oh," Xia Ge replied.

"But don't worry, I am a puppet system and I will make you the most powerful puppet master who doesn't have to be afraid of anyone!" The system reassured her.

Suddenly, Xia Ge asked a question.

"If I become the most powerful puppet master, can I go home?"

"...," the system was speechless.
"Can you do it?"

System: "Maybe... I'm not sure."

Xia Ge: "How can you not know?"

System: "There was a bit of an accident..."

System: "But, if you become the most powerful puppeteer, maybe you can break through the void and go wherever you want."

If.

Maybe.

Damn uncertainty.

Xia Ge looked up at the starry sky.

She was always a lazy person.

If she didn't want to do something, then she wouldn't do it from the beginning. But if she did, she would stick with it to the end.

She wouldn't turn back.

She didn't like giving up halfway.

So maybe she should think twice about becoming a puppeteer.

Just as she was thinking, Xia Ge looked up and vaguely saw a figure under a tree.

The person was holding a fan and waving it back and forth. It was someone she knew.

In a moment, the old beggar waved at her.

It was so late, shouldn't elderly people be resting?

Xia Ge thought for a moment and went over.

The old beggar sat under the willow tree, squinting his eyes, fanning himself, basking in the moonlight, seeming extremely bored. "Little girl, what's your name?"

Xia Ge tilted her head. "Xia Wu..."
The old beggar waved his fan and smiled, his face full of wrinkles. "Your real name, what is it?"

Xia Ge lied with her eyes open. "It's Xia Wuyin."

The old beggar sighed. "What's the point of hiding it from me and that old man you're half-stepping with? Some people lie, some people don't. I can see through it with just one glance."

Xia Ge thought, why was she chatting with an old man in the middle of the night instead of sleeping?

"Hey, everyone has their own difficulties. If you don't say it, it's none of the old man's business." The old beggar fanned his fan and paused. "The old man is just afraid that you've been holding it in for too long and have forgotten your true name."

...What's it to you?

Xia Ge thought.

The old man fanned his palm-leaf fan, and the moonlight reflected in his cloudy eyes. "I've seen many children like you. They think they're clever, but their cleverness ends up being their own undoing. The mouse trap snaps on their own feet, and they scream in pain."

Xia Ge said, "I won't be like that."

This metaphor was so vivid that it was suffocating.

"Whether you will or not, it's not up to you." The old beggar wasn't so much evaluating Xia Ge as he was reminiscing about the past. His cloudy eyes looked through the fluttering willow branches. "It all depends on fate."

After a while, the sound of cicadas and frogs grew louder.

Xia Ge heard her own voice, low and soft.

"My name is Xia Ge."

She looked up at the old man, as if proving something. "Xia for summer, Ge for singing."

For now, she put aside the fear of screaming in pain.

Her own name, how could she forget it?
The next day.

It seemed like Ye Ze had a fight yesterday, but when Xia Ge woke up today, she unexpectedly saw him standing beside her.

"..."

Xia Ge, who had been sleeping under the willow tree all night, was startled when she saw the shadow next to her after stretching.

"I'm leaving." Ye Ze looked a bit awkward. "...I heard that the puppeteer's owner was caught yesterday."

The puppeteer's owner...the puppeteer?

Xia Ge was taken aback, "Oh, really?"

She smiled, "Let's go take a look."

The two of them set off.

The small town was unexpectedly lively today.

Because there was an uncommon sight.

A woman wearing gray and white prisoner clothes was locked in a wooden cage, with heavy chains on her body.

Xia Ge was too short to see, so Ye Ze pulled her to the front.

The people around were indignant.

"How could they create such a terrifying thing!!"

"My goodness...it's going against the natural order."

"Puppetry has been banned for so many years..."

"Sigh, she's also a pitiful person..."

"..."

The two of them followed the prisoner carriage, and along the way, Xia Ge heard many rumors.
For example, the puppet that was demonized yesterday was the wife of the puppeteer who passed away, named Cui Zhu.

Cui Zhu was a well-known lady who had always been frail. She met the wandering puppeteer, A Lan, during the Qiqiao Festival.

Love at first sight.

She would not marry anyone else.

It was a romantic yet sad story.

A Lan gave up his career as a puppeteer for Cui Zhu and found a job. Together with the savings he had accumulated from saving people's lives as a puppeteer, they lived a relatively happy life.

However, as a married woman, Cui Zhu was subject to rumors and criticism. Her health was already poor, and coupled with conflicts with her family, she fell ill and died in A Lan's arms.

As a puppeteer, A Lan had saved countless lives, from thugs and deserters to the wealthy and greedy who oppressed the people.

The most deserving to die.

He could have given them another ten years of life.

Why couldn't A Lan save the one he loved, Cui Zhu?

Because A Lan loved her.

So he resumed his puppetry and extended Cui Zhu's life by ten years.

Yesterday was the end of the ten years.

Xia Ge looked up and gazed at the woman in the cage, who showed no expression on her face.

She looked haggard, with white hair, but her beautiful features could still be discerned.

"Smack!"

A rotten egg hit her in the face.

"How could you do something so insane!"

Someone held a child and cursed. As they cursed, tears streamed down their face. "Do you know that my son died? My son! He was strangled to death by that ghost!"

Xia Ge turned around and only then noticed the child in the person's arms, who had indeed died.
The three or four-year-old child had a blue neck and closed eyes.

Xia Ge suddenly felt a chill.

Yesterday, she had dragged Ye Ze away.

The cursed puppet was left behind.

So... did she go kill someone again?

"She deserves to die."

Suddenly, Ye Ze spoke up.

"What?" Xia Ge was taken aback.

Because they were afraid of getting separated in a crowd, he was holding Xia Ge's wrist. Despite being only nine years old, he had a resolute expression. He pointed at the woman in the cage and repeated, "She deserves to die."

"Why?" Xia Ge smiled and asked.

Ye Ze looked at the woman wearing a shackle. "Because she is a puppet master."

"So, she deserves to die."

He spoke each word with unwavering conviction.

For some reason, not only was Xia Ge's body cold, but her heart felt cold too.

Yesterday, the system's words still echoed in her ears.

—You will become the most powerful puppet master.

"Ah... is that so." Xia Ge smiled. "Maybe... um, I mean, I also think so."

After a pause, she continued, "But this woman is also a pitiful person."

Ye Ze pointed at a child not far away and stared at Xia Ge, questioning, "Isn't that child pitiful too?"

Xia Ge's throat felt like it was blocked by cotton, and she couldn't speak.
The scene was just like half a month ago when she had taught Ah Long a lesson and taken back her own steamed bun. She had asked Ye Ze if the person who had stolen her steamed bun was pitiful, just like this.

Only this time, the roles were reversed.

Xia Ge realized it belatedly.

Who is the saint?

In fact, the roles were reversed.

Everyone is the same.

We always tend to subconsciously favor the side that benefits us.

Because Xia Ge might become a puppeteer, she sympathized with the other side and thought she was pitiful.

But the child who died because of that puppeteer was also very pitiful.

And Ye Ze was the same back then, he just felt that Ah Long was very miserable because he was closer to him and knew that Ah Long was really miserable.

And she was just a stranger to Ye Ze at that time.

So Ye Ze would instinctively favor Ah Long.

Even if he did something wrong.

The human heart is biased, and who is nobler than whom.

Who is she to teach others from a high ground?

The woman was pushed to the stake.

The person who opened the cage rudely pulled her out, tied her to the stake, and then piled up a circle of firewood. From beginning to end, the woman named A Lan had a numb expression.

Xia Ge widened her eyes, "… Is she going to be burned at the stake?"

Ye Ze said, "Of course she is. She did something wrong, shouldn't she be punished severely?"

Xia Ge wanted to say something, but there was a commotion over there. She looked up and saw several old people and young people on the side, men and women, some of them even holding children.
They were pelted with rotten eggs and vegetable leaves, while people cursed and expressed their anger and disgust.

Xia Ge didn't know why, but suddenly she didn't want to talk to Ye Ze anymore. She tugged at someone's sleeve and put on a pitiful expression, "Who are those people?"

"Where did this little kid come from..." The person who was tugged at was taken aback, then saw Xia Ge's attire and wrinkled their brow in disgust. "A little beggar."

"Can you tell me?" Xia Ge smiled.

Her watery eyes were sweet and seemed to be able to speak.

The person hesitated for a moment, their voice softened slightly, "You know about this person, right?"

Xia Ge nodded obediently, "Yes, she's a bad woman who makes puppets. I've heard a lot of rumors about her on the way here."

"Do you know her wife?" The person sneered, "That trash who would rather live a miserable life than die."

They were talking about Cui Zhu.

He gestured in that direction, "That's her family."

Xia Ge looked again at the group of people who were silent and being cursed by the world. The smile on her face suddenly became a bit difficult to maintain.

...Just because they had some connection to the puppeteer.

They had to endure such criticism and hatred.

"...This has nothing to do with them, right?" Xia Ge tried to put on an innocent expression, "They didn't kill anyone, why treat them like this?"

How could it have nothing to do with them?

Of course, it had a lot to do with them.

But Xia Ge really wanted to ask.

"Because they're the puppeteer's in-laws!" The person said matter-of-factly, "They must know that she's a puppeteer, right? They're related to the puppeteer...what a good life. Maybe they'll beg for mercy before they die and live another ten years - who knows how many people will die by their hands in ten years!"

The tone was mocking, "Even if not, they allowed their daughter to marry a puppeteer. Where's their face?!"

"Why hasn't this trash gone and died yet?"

The hand that Xia Ge was holding onto his clothes with, she didn't know when she had let go.
She looked up at the crowd.

Some of them were still holding their children.

A mischievous child picked up a stone and threw it, "The puppeteer is a bad person with a dark past!"

The mother holding her child instinctively lowered her head to protect her child, but the stone hit her head.

Blood flowed down her face.

"Stop!" Xia Ge blurted out, "Someone is hurt!"

But someone laughed, "Good throw!"

...

Then came the piercing cheers.

Like a devil's carnival.

One elderly person finally broke down, "I have no relation to her!! I have no relation to that puppeteer!! I don't have that daughter!! My daughter has long been dead!! She never married the puppeteer, never--"

...

Xia Ge stood frozen in place, feeling a chill run down her spine.

--You will soon become the puppeteer.

Ye Zedao said, "Hey... over there..."

Xia Ge turned around to look at the stake.

There, she saw the puppet that she had disfigured with two stones yesterday, torn to pieces by the crowd, and then thrown at the woman on the stake!

Legs, arms, mask, cloak.

The woman, who had been expressionless all along, froze for a second when she saw the puppet's body, then burst into tears.

Amidst the loud cries, Xia Ge heard her painful whisper.
"Cui Zhu..."

"I'm sorry - I'm sorry..."

Again and again, the words were filled with pain and despair.

Someone lit a fire.

The flames suddenly burst into a blaze!

The air began to distort.

Ye Ze stared at the flames in the distance, and suddenly he remembered the puppet that fell on his face yesterday before he was arrested.
