Xia Ge was suddenly grabbed from behind by a woman who covered her mouth and pulled her under the table. As several sharp sounds of hidden weapons broke the air, the place where she was previously lying comfortably was now filled with pentagonal darts flashing with green light!

The woman's low voice added, "Otherwise, I'll kill you."

Xia Ge was held hostage and stayed under the table with the woman. Her mouth was covered, and a dagger was placed horizontally on her neck. Considering her own safety, she could only comply.

Not sure if it was an illusion, Xia Ge felt like she heard a flute.

Without thinking about who had the leisure to play the flute in the middle of the night, Xia Ge had not even started to think about how to escape when she saw a woman wearing a strange gray vest jumping into the Siguoge through the open window outside. The table above her head suddenly made a muffled sound as if someone had stepped on it.

Xia Ge's brain, which was just about to start thinking, suddenly went blank.

... Damn it, she had been copying alchemy exercises all day!

Did that idiot step on it?!

Perhaps sensing the restlessness of the person in her arms, the woman's threatening voice sounded again, "Shorty, don't move."

The feeling of the thin dagger scraping against her neck was uncomfortable. Xia Ge was smart enough to stay still. But when she realized what the other party had said, her mouth twitched a few times.

...Shorty?

Shorty?!

Perhaps seeing that Xia Ge was indeed obedient, the woman breathed a sigh of relief. At this time, the woman in the gray vest who had stepped on the table came down from the table. Her movements were agile. Because she was trapped under the table, Xia Ge could only see the other party's feet.

Not sure if it was an illusion, Xia Ge felt like the sound of the flute became a bit urgent.

The woman who threatened her from behind seemed not to have heard the strange sound of the flute, but was very concerned about the movements of the woman in the gray vest.

The Siguoge was an important book storage location in the Dan Peak. It was built on the mountain, and the outside attic was where the punished disciples repented and copied books. The important books were all hidden in the hollowed-out mountain, and only the inner disciples of the Dan Peak could enter the Siguoge through a door with their identity badges.

The woman in the gray vest wore a pair of gray boots. Xia Ge vaguely felt that they were familiar, but she couldn't remember where she had seen them for a while. The boots first circled around the chair that had been shot into a hedgehog by the pentagonal darts, as if to confirm if there was anyone there. The woman in the gray vest was slow to react and her movements were mechanical. She did not find the two people hiding under the table. After confirming that "no one" was there, she walked slowly towards a direction.

Under the table, Xia Ge watched the gray vest woman's boots pass through the heavy bookshelves and saw that she was about to push open another inner door. When the woman approached the inner door, she felt the woman behind her breathing a little faster, and the short dagger on her neck trembled slightly.

Now is the time!

Xia Ge suddenly hit her head back, avoiding the short dagger on her neck, but her movement was too big, and her back hit something soft that cannot be described.
The woman holding her hand suddenly froze. Xia Ge didn't care if she had touched some inexplicable place, she lifted her hand and grabbed the woman's wrist holding the dagger. With a great force, she flipped the woman over and pinned her down, twisting her wrist behind her back. In the blink of an eye, she had completed the counter-attack!

Xia Ge had no shame in her past as a beggar and fighting for food. She had developed strong arm strength. She held the woman's hand tightly behind her back and took the dagger from her, shaking it in her hand with a crisp and youthful pride. "Oh, miss, your chest is really soft."

After suppressing the woman, Xia Ge realized that she was not really a woman, just slightly taller than her, feeling her bones, she was just a fifteen or sixteen-year-old girl.

"Brat!"

Chu Yao was still in shock from being groped in her chest, a place she didn't even dare touch herself while bathing. She had been taken advantage of by someone? And it was a shorty!

And this shorty even had the nerve to say it out loud?!

She was going to kill him right away!

The woman in the gray vest on the other side had obviously noticed the commotion and had moved to the table they were at in an instant! Xia Ge, who was still feeling proud under the table, suddenly felt something was wrong. She raised her head and met a pair of terrifying eyes.

"Oh my god!"

Xia Ge was frightened by those terrifying eyes and let go of the woman's wrist. Chu Yao snorted and cursed the coward in her heart. She used her strength to press Xia Ge down and kicked the woman in the gray vest in front of her. Perhaps out of anger, she kicked with great force, and the woman in the gray vest was kicked like a kite with a broken string, crashing into countless pear wood desks with a loud bang, and finally landed heavily on the wall. Because of the excessive force, when she fell from the wall, she even left a faint human-shaped mark on it.

Xia Ge: "......"

What does it mean to kick someone onto the wall and not be able to pry them off? Although it was a little different in mood, Xia Ge felt that she had seen it today.

Little girl, your skills should not be used to be an assassin in the night. You should go to the boxing ring to practice boxing!

If that doesn't work, professional karate is also very popular!

Being an assassin is really unfair to you! Really!

Killing this kind of trash is even more unfair! 

It was unclear whether it was an illusion, but after the black-clothed girl assassin kicked the woman in the gray vest onto the wall, the flute sound lowered.

Weak, subtle, almost nonexistent.
However, compared to the inexplicable sound of the flute, she was more worried about her own safety.

Xia Ge pulled at her face, trying to make herself smile like a kind person, "… Sister's kick was really cool."

So, cool sister, can you please stop pressing on my chest?

It was already flat, and pressing on it would really make it disappear!

Perhaps hearing her inner call, Chu Yao did not press on her airport anymore, but instead grabbed and pulled at her clothes at her chest to drag her out from under the table.

However, the seductive grip on her chest only grabbed onto her collar.

In a sense… Xia Ge felt that this female killer must be insulting her.

Definitely!

Just because she had no chest?! A warrior can be killed but not insulted!

"Hey, shorty."

The girl's voice was cold and impatient under the moonlight. With the help of the moonlight, Xia Ge could barely see the killer's anger-filled eyes. Her black veil covered her face, revealing a pair of almond-shaped eyes. She grabbed Xia Ge's collar and lifted her to the same height as herself.

"How should I kill you for ruining my plan?" 

A pair of light brown almond eyes looked at her, filled with killing intent and rage.

Xia Ge struggled for her life, "Sister is so beautiful, and her temperament must be very good. She definitely won't kill me."

"Humph." Chu Yao sneered, "I'm sorry to disappoint you, but I have a bad temper despite being good at everything else!"

"Ah, girls shouldn't get angry. Being angry too much will cause wrinkles. Look at me, I'm not angry." Xia Ge said, "Young girls should be more generous. It was just a touch, you're so petty. I didn't even use my hands."

Chu Yao's hand holding her collar had veins popping out.

This guy even wanted to use his hands?!

"You, how dare you say that?!" 

When was the last time she had seen such a shameless person?!

Chu Yao saw the shorty hesitate for a moment, and it seemed difficult for her to speak. "If it doesn't work, can I touch it back for you?"


Xia Ge closed his eyes with a noble yet painful expression as if sacrificing his life, "Let's make it clear first, you can't touch me for nothing. After touching me, you can't kill me."

Chu Yao was almost amused by the dwarf's words and sneered, "I think it's better for you to die straightforwardly--"

"You've touched me, how can you still kill me!"

Xia Ge immediately opened his eyes wide, "How can you be so untrustworthy!!"

Compared to killing, Chu Yao felt more angry that this shameless dwarf had stained her purity by taking advantage of her innocence!

"Who touched you!!? I didn't touch you!!"

"You touched me! You're still touching me now! Put me down! You're groping me ahhh--"

Xia Ge started howling at the top of his lungs, "I'm going to be defiled--"

Chu Yao took a closer look and realized that she was actually grabbing the collar of his clothes and lifting him up.

Chu Yao threw the screaming dwarf out, her face under the black veil turning red with anger, "Who defiled you!! I wouldn't even touch you if you were a stray dog on the roadside! Who let you be so short--wait a minute..."

Chu Yao suddenly realized, "You're a stinky kid, who can defile you!!"

Xia Ge, who had regained his freedom, was as happy as a fish in water. She patted her butt and sat on the pearwood table, smiling and shaking the stolen dagger in her hand, "Of course, only a pretty lady can defile my innocence."

Chu Yao's voice turned sinister, "You stinky kid!"

"Oh, pretty ladies don't fight and kill all day long, you won't be able to get married." Xia Ge smiled, then suddenly realized something, "By the way, isn't there a ancestral rule in Lingxi Peak?"

"The rule of kinship by skin and life-saving grace, to offer oneself as a sacrifice?"

"You want to offer yourself to me?" Chu Yao sneered, "It sounds troublesome, how about I cut you into five pieces?"

In her ears, the originally weak flute suddenly rose in pitch!

Xia Ge's eyes suddenly sharpened!

But his voice still sounded cheerful, "Cutting me into five pieces is too bloody. As I said, a pretty lady must be gentle to get married."

Before Chu Yao could reply, she suddenly saw the dwarf, who couldn't even reach the ground with his feet on the table, turn his hand over and shoot the dagger in her direction!

This kid really wasn't a good person!
Translation:

It was too childish, the dagger thrown straight at her, how could she possibly be hit-

Chu Yao dodged the dagger by tilting her head to the side, but before she could say anything mocking, she saw the boy clap his hands and squint his eyes.

"Ah, miss, for saving my life, why not offer yourself to me?"

"Stab-"

The sound of the clothes being torn by the dagger was particularly abrupt. Chu Yao turned her head in response, and her pupils contracted!

It turned out that the woman in the gray vest had silently stood behind her at some point. She raised a kitchen knife high towards Chu Yao's head, her eyes rolled back, and her twisted face was incredibly fierce.

-And she didn't even notice!

The dagger that the little dwarf had taken from her was now firmly stuck in the ground behind the woman. She held the kitchen knife high and didn't move, and the gray vest was cut open by the dagger on her shoulder, but no blood flowed out.

...Clothes demon.

The sound of the flute disappeared.

Xia Ge held her chin and smiled at Chu Yao.

"Miss, how about this, since you won't offer yourself to me, at least tell me your name with those beautiful eyes?"

= =

Thousands of miles away.

No stars, no moon, endless dark forest.

The slender and fair-skinned girl in red held a round bone flute in her hand, and a blood-red knot danced in the wind at the end of the flute.

"Did I fail?"

She murmured, her voice smooth and pleasant, like pearls falling on a jade plate, with a lingering tone, and then quietly disappeared into the silent forest.
