Erasing all of Xia Wushuang's past experiences, that was also the Chu King's doing.

Because the Chu King did this, the people of the world would only know of the unparalleled Xia General, but no one would remember the puppeteer of Lingxi Peak, who was once stunningly talented but faded away and was despised by everyone.

Xia Wushuang's eyes brightened. "That's a really good person. Who is it? I should go thank her."

Su Chan looked at her in silence.

- That person is already dead.

Resetting the world's structure, using his blood and soul to repent and sacrificing himself with the Chu Sword, the emperor created a family motto of abandoning the sword and sealing the sword. He committed suicide in front of Xia Wushuang's tomb.

After the news of General Xia's death spread throughout the capital, Lingxi Peak built a tomb for Xia Wushuang on the back mountain.

And there was also a tomb for Xia Wushuang in Chang'an.

Chu Shi died in front of Xia Wushuang's tomb in Chang'an.

Su Chan still vaguely remembers the snow that day, falling particularly heavily.

Heavy, with a touch of sadness.

...

Su Chan looked at Xia Wushuang.

But if you ask her whether she regrets forcing the Chu King to his death, she does not.

Perhaps he was not a very good emperor, nor a very good lover, but in her heart, she will always be the most beautiful, innocent princess.

So, Su Chan will not regret it.

... That's how it is.

Perhaps her gaze was a bit too sudden, and Xia Wushuang asked in surprise, "Why are you looking at me like that? Who is she? Can't I go thank her?"

Su Chan paused and smiled slightly. "It's not that you can't, it's just that she didn't leave her name."

Xia Wushuang said, "Doing good deeds without leaving a name, how is that any different from me?"
Su Chan: "......"

"Oh, by the way, I almost forgot, there's something I need to do before I leave." Xia Wushuang said, and casually pinched a spell. The ten-thousand-mile high mountain behind her instantly rose from the ground and flew up into the clouds with a loud boom.

Being a sky-level grandmaster, moving mountains and filling seas was not a problem.

Su Chan looked at her, still slightly puzzled.

"I have to send the mountain away, otherwise the spiritual veins here will dry up sooner or later." Xia Wushuang explained to her, looking at the gradually drifting mountain range and murmured, "I heard this mountain was once called Wuyi."

"What a good name."

But in this world, no one will probably know this mountain again.

It's kind of...regrettable.

Su Chan asked, "Where will it go?"

Xia Wushuang shook her head and smiled, "I don't know. It will go wherever there is more spiritual energy. After all, with so many evil spirits, we still have to rely on nature to suppress them."

Su Chan smiled and said, "Then where should I look for it if it collapses in the future?"

Xia Wushuang thought about it and said with interest, "You're so powerful, can't you find it?"

Su Chan said, "I can't."

Xia Wushuang thought for a moment and said, "Anyway, you're bored, and the mountain won't collapse for at least a few hundred years...let's play hide and seek."

She took out a piece of parchment and rubbed it against Su Chan's face, tearing it into four pieces. She put one piece in her pocket and threw the rest into the sky.

The three pieces of parchment looked like shooting stars and disappeared into the horizon in an instant.

Su Chan: "......"

"This is a map to find the Evil Spirit Mountain." Xia Wushuang said, "I hid them in some places. If you're bored, you can go and explore those places."

Su Chan said with intention, "If you're with me, I won't be bored."

Xia Wushuang helplessly said, "Even if I stay, I'm not a god who can accompany you all the time."

Seeing that Su Chan wanted to say something, Xia Wushuang hurriedly said, "Don't talk about immortality. Just dreaming about it is enough. If you really want it, it will be too scary. Look at all the people who have pursued immortality throughout history, how many of them have ended well?"
Su Chan held the flute and stopped talking.

Xia Wu Shuang went around Lingxi Peak twice, but didn't go anywhere else. Originally, when she was refining puppets, the main peak had a library. Even though it was now renamed Dan Peak, the library was still there, so she went to take a look.

There were still some books about puppets that hadn't been thrown away, but they were sparse and it was clear that puppetry was in decline.

Xia Wu Shuang didn't know that all of her family's possessions had been taken to Qianhun Sect by Su Chan. Seeing the empty library, she felt a bit disappointed, but also somewhat relieved.

After all, it wasn't a good thing to have possessions. It was better not to have them.

When Xia Wu Shuang was in the library, Su Chan didn't come in. She didn't look very happy and disappeared into the library, causing Su Chan to lose his smile.

The system said, "Have you really made a decision?"

Xia Wu Shuang casually nodded and wrote a small note, tore off the cover of a thick-skinned book, put the note inside, and then put the book back in its original place.

The system asked, "What are you doing?"

Xia Wu Shuang said, "I think it's a shame that people have forgotten the name of Wuyi Mountain. I'm leaving a reminder here for future generations."

The system said, "But who will be able to find it if you hide it so well...? What if people think it's a clue to a treasure and get cheated?"

Xia Wu Shuang said, "Well, unlucky people will also have fate. Let fate decide. Anyway, I won't be so evil."

The system said, "..."

Just as they were talking, Xia Wu Shuang suddenly tilted her head.

"Huh?"

"What's wrong?" the system asked.

Xia Wu Shuang frowned and said, "Did it tilt?"

"What tilted?" the system asked.

Xia Wu Shuang stopped talking again.

The system was annoyed by her habit of only saying half of what she meant. "What tilted?"

Xia Wu Shuang took out a piece of parchment from her pocket. It was the map of the Evil Spirit Mountain that she had just thrown away. "It seems like someone has intercepted the map...?"
System: "???"

"Where were you originally planning to send her?" 

"The legendary Penglai Immortal Island in the East Sea, the Wushan Mountains in the south, and..." 

"...What do you want her to do in those places?" 

"Relax, enjoy the scenery, and have fun." 

"Well, actually, you don't have to give up the mission, after all..." 

After all, that contract may not necessarily be fulfilled if suppressed. 

"I don't have anything left to cling onto." Xia Wushuang interrupted, "Indestructible Puppet, you know that a Heavenly Master can predict the will of the heavens. I have calculated that if I continue to exist here, the Heavenly Dao here will definitely be gradually destroyed by me." 

"A one-dimensional world cannot always bear the soul of a three-dimensional world. This world cannot accommodate me, and some unintentional changes can bring devastating blows to others - this time it is the demon tide, and no one knows what will happen next." 

"I can't afford any more costs." 

This time, the system did not speak. 

"Wasn't your original intention just to use this world as a transit station and send me to a higher dimensional place?" Xia Wushuang said, "I'm sorry, Indestructible Puppet." 

"I usually wish to open your head and see if there is any water in it, but now I wish your head is full of water." 

After leaving the book collection pavilion, Xia Wushuang went to the back mountain again, and after a while, she came out. 

The Lost Deer remained there. 

Su Chan asked her, "Did you finish reading?" 

"Mhmm," Xia Wushuang replied, "I finished reading." 

Su Chan looked at her, struggling in her heart. 

She could keep this person... as long as she used a little bit of force... 

...it's possible. 

"...Is there anything else you want to do?"
Xia Wushuang smiled and shook her head, "No, I've done everything I needed to do."

"So, are you leaving?" Su Chan asked while holding onto her flute tightly, although her expression was relaxed.

"Is there really nothing you want to do?" Su Chan asked again.

Xia Wushuang replied, "No, there's really nothing left for me to do."

Su Chan noticed that Xia Wushuang seemed carefree, as if she wasn't really leaving. She realized that this person really didn't care about anything anymore, which was why she had such a relaxed expression.

For a long time, she heard herself say, "...okay."

She didn't even ask where Xia Wushuang was going.

She thought to herself that she could keep Xia Wushuang with her, even imprison her soul and make her forget everything. Although Xia Wushuang was a celestial level cultivator, her naive personality meant that even if Su Chan did something to her, she wouldn't notice.

She could do it.

Xia Wushuang said softly, "Goodbye, Achan."

She said goodbye.

She really was leaving, not just joking around carelessly, but leaving everything behind and being alone, not wanting anyone.

...This couldn't be happening.

But she said...

"I forgive you."

Watching Xia Wushuang's departing figure, Su Chan held onto her flute tightly, her grip alternating between tight and loose. Her eyes were slightly red, and although she had a million thoughts and words in her heart, she suppressed them all in her chest, leaving only a few low words.

Each word was like a sharp blade, cutting through her heart and causing an indescribable pain.

...Xia Wushuang, you're really cunning.
A single sentence could nail her in place.

Because you know nothing, you know everything.

You will always know.

She is Su Chan and she wants something.

She hears herself say, "Hmm, goodbye."

"...Take care," the other person responds.

Take care, wherever you go.

I'll wait for you to come back.

= =

The pear blossoms are falling quickly.

Qin Yue's voice rings in her ear, "The Chu family's eldest daughter is getting married tomorrow, Master..."

Su Chan lazily responds, "I know."

She looks at her own hands, not sure what she's thinking.

These years, she really has been doing as she pleases.

Just like Xia Wushuang said.

-Doing what she wants to do as she pleases.

But it's also like she said.

She hasn't felt happy.

Thinking of Xia Ge's cold gaze, Su Chan slowly rubs her temples, and the curve of her lips finally flattens out.

The once Xia Wushuang, now Xia Ge.
She doesn't remember anything, yet she still has the shadow of the past, the same but not quite the same.

The only constant is the person by her side, who makes her feel calm and peaceful.

Just like many years ago, that shadow appeared in the endless darkness and pulled her back from hell to the world.

That person leaned against her forehead and spoke gently, "Go do what you want to do."

She made Gu Peijiu betray the mainstream and forced Chu Wang to know everything, she founded the Qianhun Sect to wreak havoc everywhere, and she didn't even think she did anything wrong. But when she met that person's gaze, she felt like she did something bad.

...something really bad.

She didn't care about anyone's curses and condemnation, but she didn't want to see any of it in her eyes.

And Xia Wushuang, who didn't know what she had done, could see her unease and anxiety at a glance.

And then she told her, "Whatever you do - I forgive you."

One sentence hit her weak spot, making all her bad thoughts disappear.

Qin Yue heard the person in front of her mutter softly, "You won't forgive."

A positive statement.

Qin Yue didn't understand and looked at her confusedly.

The vast moonlight spilled down, and the broken flowers were scattered on the ground.

"So... there's no need to answer."

The person in front of her stood up, the bright hem of her clothes sweeping over the fallen flowers on the ground. She turned around, her black hair lazily hanging down, her smile still as indifferent as before, proud and free, with a hint of indifference.

"Go get the Pure Spirit Pearl."
Qin Yue was taken aback, "…Leader?"

Then she paused and went to get it.

The cold moonlight shone on her, and Su Chan thought, in the end, that innocent person was able to hit the nail on the head.

——Don't be blinded by superficial desires.

After doing whatever she wanted to do…

She realized.

In fact, those things…

Forcing Gu Peijiu away was out of jealousy, forcing Chu Wang to death was out of injustice, establishing the Qianhun Sect was for the dream of the person who had passed away, burning down the library was because she was sentimental about books, destroying the Evil Spirit Mountain was to force her to come back—

In the end.

What she wanted most was just for that person who gave her a name to look at her a little more.
