Translation:

Wading through the stream, refining pills.

[Ding! Congratulations to the host for refining three Hundred-Soul Pills, earning 3 points.]

[Ding! Proficiency of Hundred-Soul Pills at 100/100, reward: recipe for Ten-Thousand-Soul Pill.]

[Pill Recipe Store is now open!]

After carefully putting the Hundred-Soul Pills into the pill box, Xia Ge threw the remaining herbs into the furnace, her eyes faintly tinged with blue.

At first, there were a few failures in pill refining, but as her proficiency increased, the failure rate decreased significantly.

However, compared to other pills, soul pills consumed more spiritual energy.

After refining the soul pills, it was best to take a nap, otherwise there would be mental problems such as dizziness, blurred vision, and memory loss.

But Xia Ge didn't have time to pay attention to so many mental problems.

"Squeak-"

The door of the pill refining room was quietly opened.

Without looking, Xia Ge focused on the flickering flames in the furnace. The person who came in didn't disturb her, placing what was in their hands on the table and standing next to her.

Watching Xia Ge finish refining the Hundred-Soul Pills and put them in the box, the person finally spoke.

"Didn't you refuse the request for pills from the Sword Peak people?"

Xia Ge looked up and saw Mao Qing placing her basket of food on the table, looking at the redwood table next to the pill furnace, which was filled with pill refining materials and boxes filled with the Hundred-Soul Pills she had refined over the past few days. The scent of pills was faintly floating in the air.

Xia Ge: "...I was just practicing. Oh, is your injury healed?"

"The soul poison has been resolved, only the external injuries are left. Resting for a while will be enough." Mao Qing didn't care too much, then looked at Xia Ge with a smile that was not quite a smile. "The Sword Peak people have been looking for you these past few days, begging you like they're begging for their lives. It's quite interesting. Aren't you planning to respond?"

Xia Ge: "..."

Mao Qing: "Did you really refuse?"

Xia Ge stood up, patting off the dust on her clothes. "I'm not obligated to save them."

Mao Qing smiled. "I thought so too."
After a pause, Mao Qing said, "The disciple who was injured in Danfeng and the villagers who were saved from the soul poison have basically recovered. Master asked me to come and thank you, and to say that he wants me to convey a message... that the Palm Master has worked hard."

Xia Ge shuddered and picked up some herbs and threw them into the stove. "It's good that the poison is gone. Don't mention it."

Mao Qing asked, "Are you still refining? How much are you going to make?"

Xia Ge replied, "With so many herbs, it would be a waste not to refine them."

Mao Qing looked at her for a while.

Xia Ge's gaze drifted away.

After a while, Mao Qing smiled slightly, "Xia Wuyin, do you like saving people?"

Xia Ge said, "When did I ever like saving people? You're talking nonsense."

"You saved me before," Mao Qing put the food basket on the table next to Xia Ge, "Hmm, more than once."

Xia Ge said, "Oh, maybe because you're good-looking."

Mao Qing said, "..."

Xia Ge said sincerely, "I like to save pretty girls and handsome guys."

System: "..."

Shut up, it's too real!

Mao Qing said, "Oh... I see."

Xia Ge glanced at the food basket and asked, "Are you here to bring me food again?"

The proficiency of the Hundred Soul Pill has reached 100%, which means that the success rate has also reached 100%. This means that no matter how distracted she is, even if she goes to eat halfway through, it will never fail.

The system's cheat is so amazing.

However, the Hundred Soul Pill's proficiency of 100% is also the result of Xia Ge's sleepless nights and days of refining the pill.

Mao Qing raised an eyebrow and pretended to take back the food basket, "Not welcome?"

"Hey, who said I'm not welcome? Of course, I'm welcome!" Xia Ge quickly said, "Just wait for me to finish refining this pill."
Xia Ge finished cleaning up and put the pills she had just made into a box. She opened the lunchbox and saw rice, steamed buns, and a plate of sweet and sour pork that looked super delicious. The fragrant aroma filled the air.

Xia Ge exclaimed, "Wow, why is the food so rich every day? It seems like they don't serve meat in the canteen on the mountain..."

Mao Qing didn't even bat an eye, "You're the leader now, so the food will naturally be better."

Xia Ge happily ate the meat, "Oh, I see. That's great. Let's eat together."

The system thought to itself, "Damn capitalism."

Mao Qing replied, "I already ate earlier."

"Oh, come on, have a little more." The meat on the pork ribs was sweet, soft, and slightly elastic. The meat juice was slightly sweet and fragrant. Xia Ge felt like her life was complete after taking a bite, "If only we could eat meat every day!"

Mao Qing shook her head and watched Xia Ge eat with her chin resting on her hand, "It's okay, I don't eat meat."

After finishing the meal quickly, Xia Ge remembered Mao Qing's injury around her waist and said, "I'm done eating. You should go back and rest. It's not necessary to bring me food. I can manage on my own."

Mao Qing smiled, "Maybe the master thinks that other people aren't as familiar with you. It's okay, I'm not tired. I'll just watch you here."

After saying that, Mao Qing closed the door and sat down casually at a table.

Xia Ge continued to focus on her alchemy work, and the system asked her quietly, "Are you really not planning to save Jianfeng?"

With Mao Qing nearby, Xia Ge couldn't answer directly, so she thought to herself, "{Not really.}"

The system responded, "I see... but you're not planning to save the people either, right?"

"{...My senior sister gave me the leadership role.}" Xia Ge looked at the flames leaping in the furnace and continued, "{So sometimes I think, if my senior sister were here, no matter what, she would probably save them.}"

After a pause, she continued, "{If Xia Ge were suspected of being a spy for the demonic cult, she could get angry, be willful, and disregard life and death.} {But as the leader, Xia Ge can't.}"

The system fell silent for a moment, "...But your senior sister wasn't suspected of being a spy for the demonic cult."

Xia Ge responded, "{Right, so I don't plan on giving them the pills.}"
System: "Hmm?"

Xia Ge: {Seeing those faces from Jianfeng makes me really uncomfortable. I'll just give them a hard time for now. Anyway, Master has a lot of pseudo-xuan-level Baihun Pills.}

{Once these pills are ready, I'll send them to the medicine cabinet and let Master decide.}

System: "..."

Although Master is extremely protective of his own, he still prioritizes the overall situation. Even if he gives Jianfeng a hard time, he won't go too far and will definitely give them the pills in the end.

Xia Ge: {And, as for Chu Yao... I'll just consider it as returning her favor.}

After chatting with the system, Xia Ge finished refining the pills. After refining this batch of pills, she felt a bit empty-headed. In the past few days, she had consumed a huge amount of soul power to refine the Baihun Pills. Sometimes, she even felt dizzy. Although the success rate of refining pills was 100%, she had to split her attention to do other things, which meant double the consumption of soul power. For the sake of her own life, Xia Ge decided to take a break.

On the other hand, Mao Qing, although quiet, was not idle. During this break, Xia Ge saw Mao Qing bending over the desk, drawing something.

"What are you drawing?" Xia Ge asked.

Mao Qing held a brush and didn't look at her, just looked at the drawing and smiled slightly. "Baimeng Acupoint."

"Baimeng Acupoint?" Xia Ge was stunned. Her brain, which had been dulled by refining pills, took a while to react to what that place was. "The one you mentioned last time?"

Mao Qing's eyebrows furrowed unintentionally, as if recalling something, then relaxed again. "Yes, that's the one I mentioned last time."

Xia Ge leaned over to take a look.

A simple ink painting depicted a round cave with a patch of white mist inside. The meticulous brushwork and distinct layers showed a beautiful butterfly spreading its wings in the mist. Although it was black and white, due to the different ink layers, it revealed a dazzling beauty. It fluttered in the sea of clouds inside the acupoint, dreamy and beautiful.

Stunning at first sight.

"You said you were drawing it?" Xia Ge widened her eyes in disbelief. "This is Baimeng Acupoint? My god, Mao Qing, I can't believe you drew this so well!"

The dreamy and beautiful painting stimulated Xia Ge's dull brain, and she became slightly more alert.

"Does Baimeng Acupoint really look like this? Is there really a cloud and a butterfly inside the acupoint?" Xia Ge was curious.

Mao Qing's lips curled up slightly, her eyes slightly lifted, unintentionally revealing a breathtaking beauty. "Yes, and no."

Xia Ge was focused on the painting and didn't notice her expression. She praised, "What do you mean 'yes and no'?... Your drawing is really beautiful."

"'Yes' because this is how I dreamed of Baimeng Acupoint. One day, I had a dream where the acupoint was shrouded in mist and had no end. Soon after entering, I saw a plaque that read 'Baimeng'," Mao Qing put the brush on the pen holder on the desk, her eyes seemingly smiling. "'No' because this is just a dream."
"Denying it is because... no one knows the true appearance of the White Dream Cave," said Mao Qing.

Xia Ge said, "Ah, I see. Your dream is really beautiful... So, did you see this butterfly in your dream?"

Mao Qing shook her head and said, "No."

Xia Ge asked, "Then why did you paint a butterfly?"

Mao Qing explained, "Legend has it that the White Dream Cave is the residence of the Dream God, whose original form is a butterfly."

Xia Ge exclaimed, "Ah," and then hammered her hand, "I see..."

Mao Qing nodded and then smiled, "Is it beautiful?"

Xia Ge nodded seriously and said, "Especially beautiful."

The two chatted about the White Dream Cave for a while, and Xia Ge felt a little better. She touched the token in her pocket and suddenly lost interest. She said, "I wonder when Senior Sister will come back."

Mao Qing asked, "Do you miss her?"

"Of course," Xia Ge replied, "with Senior Sister here, I won't be wrongly accused."

She pointed to the doll on her waist and said, "I didn't tell you earlier, but Senior Sister gave me this doll."

Mao Qing raised her eyebrows and looked at the doll. The doll had a smiling face, two cat's eye stones embedded in its eyes, and a radiant aura.

"They all say that the puppet doll belongs to me," Xia Ge said seriously, "but once Senior Sister comes back, she'll prove my innocence."

The system said, "..." Just keep making things up.

Mao Qing pressed the painting with a paperweight and smiled slightly. She casually said, "Let's hope she comes back soon."

After speaking, she paused and said, "I have to go back now."

She was about to leave.

Xia Ge looked at the half-finished painting and said, "Oh, you haven't finished the painting yet. Are you leaving now?"

Mao Qing replied, "I'm tired and need to rest."
Xia Ge said, "Ah, yes, you should go back... I'll walk you."

Mao Qing replied, "No need."

So straightforward.

Did Xia Ge say something that made Mao Qing angry just now?

Xia Ge was a bit puzzled and scratched her head. "Hey, how about I bring your painting over once it dries?"

Mao Qing turned to look at her.

Xia Ge innocently placed her hands behind her back and said, "It's such a beautiful painting, isn't it a shame to just leave it there?"

Mao Qing looked at Xia Ge.

Xia Ge blinked at her.

After a while, Mao Qing slightly curved her lips and said, "It is a shame."

After pausing for a moment, she said, "When you leave, can you help me with something?"

Xia Ge smiled, "Leave it to me."

After Xia Ge finished refining the required amount of Baihun Pill for the Jianfeng disciples, she felt a headache from overusing her soul power.

Looking at the stacked boxes, Xia Ge rubbed her temples and took a deep breath, "Ah, it feels really fulfilling."

System: "...Have you really made up your mind? It's a big loss."

"I also think it's a loss." Xia Ge thought for a moment and took out the token, "But... I think senior sister would do the same."

"...If she would do it."

"I have no reason not to do it then."

System: "...As long as you're happy."

After resting for a while, Xia Ge opened her alchemy panel and saw the new recipe, Wanhun Pill.

"This... is a ground-level recipe?"
Xia Ge took a glance and was amazed, "What are all these materials..."

Geothermal fire? Ten thousand wronged souls? Ice crystal phoenix grass? Living skeleton people?...

"Geothermal fire is fine, but what is ten thousand wronged souls?"

And living skeletons? Suffocating.

"It's just ten thousand wronged souls, otherwise it wouldn't be called the Ten Thousand Souls Pill." The system said naturally, "So it's said that the difference between a Earth-level alchemist and a Mysterious-level alchemist is like night and day. Without specific guidance, it's impossible to achieve it based solely on one's own strength."

One of the differences between a Mysterious-level alchemist and an Earth-level alchemist is that the former is still confined to the alchemy furnace, while the latter is very straightforward in getting rid of the confinement of the alchemy furnace, and can use the sky as the furnace and the earth as the fire, transforming endless spiritual energy into the pill of heaven and earth.

Xia Ge found it interesting to listen, "Then, according to you, how did the first Earth-level alchemist achieve it?"

The system said, "There was no first Earth-level alchemist in the Wind and Moon Continent, only the first alchemy god."

"Ah?"

The system gave her a lesson, "The first Heavenly-level alchemist is not a human, but a god."

"Legend has it that the heavenly gods are merciful, unable to bear the suffering of sentient beings from illness and pain, so they descended to the mortal world to write alchemy books for human beings. From then on, people began to learn how to refine medicine and pills, step by step cultivating their alchemy veins and becoming Earth-level and Heavenly-level alchemists according to the method in the alchemy book."

"I see." Xia Ge pondered for a moment, "Dan Peak has never taught these things."

"Because these historical materials were burned." The system said.

Xia Ge said, "Okay then."

"Wait, historical materials? According to what you said, are there really gods in this world?"

Xia Ge suddenly reacted.

The system said, "Guess."

Xia Ge had no expression on her face, "I'm not guessing."

Just like no one knows whether Zhuangzi's dream of a butterfly is real or not, who knows whether the legendary first alchemist is a god or not.

When she delivered the medicine to the medicine library, Master's expression was quite subtle.

He touched his goatee, "...didn't the sect leader personally give it to them?"
Xia Ge glanced at him and said, "I didn't say I was going to give it to them. These materials were originally given to me by Master, so shouldn't he be the one to make the decision?"

This reasoning was quite sound.

Master couldn't help but laugh. Even if he gave the materials to Dan Ku, whether or not they would give them to Jian Feng was up to the Sect Leader to decide. He only made the decision at first because he didn't know that the Sect Leader was in Xia Ge's hands.

But in the end, Jian Feng's injuries couldn't be dragged out any longer. Chang Lan was anxious and running around in circles, but he couldn't catch up with Xia Ge. In the end, he could only come to him every day to plead. Regardless of the facts, since the Sect Leader had this intention, he could only go along with it and make everyone happy.

After all, in times of crisis, unity is the most correct approach.

"Then I'll take care of it."

Master nodded and agreed.

As Xia Ge turned to leave, he suddenly turned back and said, "Oh, and Master, don't forget to tell them that it's Dan Feng's duty to help Jian Feng refine medicine, and it's Jian Feng's responsibility to respect Dan Feng. I hope they can also take it as their duty."

After a pause, Xia Ge smiled lightly, "After all, when it comes to refining medicine for the demonic cult spies, they only care about personal relationships, not responsibilities."
