"Because of tradition."

Ma Qing, dressed in a Danfeng plain robe, took out a complete maple leaf from her sleeve and placed it on Xia Ge's head as if it were natural. "Don't you know?" 

Xia Ge looked up at her, bewildered, with the maple leaf on her head. 

"The homonym for Danfeng is 'Dan Maple', so using maple leaves to express blessings to Danfeng disciples is also a tradition." 

Xia Ge instinctively looked at Gu Peiju. 

Gu Peiju glanced at Ma Qing and said to Xia Ge, "It is indeed a small tradition, but not many people know about it." 

Ma Qing blinked and laughed, "It's too insincere to just pick any Danfeng maple leaf for your generous gift. I went to Jianfeng and picked a unique one. Haha, I'm a little late." 

"But Ah Qing, don't you dislike..." Xia Ge trailed off. 

Danfeng and Jianfeng have always been at odds, and it's better to pick maple leaves at Danfeng than at Jianfeng. 

Just as Xia Ge was thinking this, she saw Ma Qing lean down slightly and whisper in her ear with a shallow voice. 

"If I could give you the most unique maple leaf..." 

"I can temporarily not dislike Jianfeng." 

Xia Ge took the maple leaf off her head and pretended to be naive. "Oh, I see." 

She felt Gu Peiju's hand slightly tighten around hers. Xia Ge looked up at her, but only saw Gu Peiju's indifferent expression. 

And the colder aura around her. 

Ma Qing also sensitively perceived the coldness and rejection emanating from Gu Peiju. She glanced at her from the corner of her eye, and the curve of her lips began to slightly enlarge. 

This is Danfeng, Gu Peiju? 

With the same name and the same aura that she hates. 

And... 

She got angry just because of her words. 

Why did she get angry?
"Do you care about this child, Gu Peijiu?"

"I care a lot."

"Yes, I care a lot."

A layer of smile floated on Su Chan's black pupils, but under that shallow warm smile, there was a deep coldness in her eyes.

If this Gu Peijiu was the person she knew, then it would be a huge joke.

Just as she was thinking this, she heard the girl's soft voice, "Aqing, if you don't like it, don't go to Jianfeng next time."

Su Chan lowered her head and saw Xia Ge looking at her with a pair of black watery cat eyes. "Thank you, I like it very much."

- How cute.

Su Chan thought indifferently.

Who wouldn't be moved by such a cute child, such a cute Xia Xia?

But...

"Why did you suddenly call me Aqing?" Su Chan smiled brightly, "Xia Wuyin, you never used to call me that before."

She used her scanning technique to read Mao Qing's memories.

So she knew everything she needed to know.

Xia Ge's little trick might have fooled an ordinary spy, but it seemed a bit naive when used on her.

But...

She inadvertently glanced at Gu Peijiu.

The girl in the Danfeng plain clothes looked calm, her deep black eyes looking at her, profound and slightly cold.

Do you care?

Do you care a lot?
Pausing for a moment, she intentionally smiled at Xia Ge and said, "Could it be...you have fallen for me?"

On one side, Mao Qing's smile was radiant, while on the other, Gu Peiju's face was as cold as ice.

Xia Ge, who was caught in the middle, smiled foolishly and didn't change her expression, "Yes, I like you, haha. This gift is really thoughtful. When I saw Ah Qing today, I felt particularly close to her and couldn't help but call her that... Is it too familiar? Hmm, Mao Qing? Is it too unfamiliar?"

Her hand was painfully pinched.

Did Senior Sister use too much force...?

"No, I think it's great." Su Chan looked at Gu Peiju's heavy face and smiled without any scheming, "But the person who sent you the love letter will be sad, won't they?"

Damn, her hand hurts!

Xia Ge finally couldn't help but pull her hand away. Gu Peiju seemed to have realized something and suddenly let go of her hand.

The cold air rushed over Xia Ge's hand and Gu Peiju's heated palm, and for a moment, both of them felt a bit chilly.

When Xia Ge came back to her senses and was about to ask what Mao Qing was talking about, she heard Gu Peiju's voice.

It was as if she couldn't bear it any longer and finally spoke.

"What?"

Mao Qing looked at Xia Ge, and the corner of her eye swept over Gu Peiju's cold face. She suddenly realized, "Oh, you didn't tell Senior Sister..."

Gu Peiju's pitch-black eyes had a hint of darkness, and her voice was faintly hoarse as she spoke one word at a time, "I'm asking you...what are you saying?"

This attitude?

——Because of love, so unable to tolerate?

That's great.

Mao Qing immediately looked very embarrassed, "Sorry, sorry...it's nothing, I was just talking nonsense."
The acting was perfect, and there was no hint of anything wrong. Su Chan, disguised as Mao Qing, had a surface expression of embarrassment, unease, and a hint of apology in his eyes, but deep down in his eyes, there was deep mockery and sarcasm.

However, Xia Ge was still confused.

Who gave her the love letter?

The system reminded her in a reserved manner, "That time in the book collection..."

Xia Ge: "Oh, I remember now."

That time in the book collection, she found a small note with a clue to the Evil Spirit Mountain. Mao Qing happened to see her hiding the note...so she lied and said it was a love letter.

Oh my god.

This is really a huge misunderstanding!

She was innocent and didn't have a crush!

Faced with the cold air from Gu Peiju, Xia Ge expressed her understanding...any teacher would be angry if they discovered that their students had a tendency to fall in love early and thus destroyed the school's atmosphere.

However, once you tell a lie, you have to use countless lies to cover it up.

"Oh, that one...I rejected it a long time ago, hahaha." Xia Ge immediately began to prove her innocence and shamelessly said, "I'm so excellent and there are so many people who like me. I don't have time to pity them one by one, hahaha...it's all because I'm too excellent that I receive love letters."

System: "..."

Su Chan: "..."

Gu Peiju calmly grasped the point, "Are you not drunk?"

Xia Ge: "...I'm drunk!!"

The promotion ceremony was still ongoing, with everyone talking about the glory of Danfeng Xia Wuyin, praising Xia Wuyin as a hero among young people, and most people ignoring Xia Wuyin himself. Only a few people like Dao Ren were straightforward enough to point it out.

After being confronted by the host Gu Peiju, no one else said anything.

The main point was ignored, and no one cared about this small episode.
Just like no one paid attention to the silver butterfly on the load-bearing pillar near Xiage.

"Hahaha...the declining world has hope now..."

"I wonder if this young man sells pills. I've had enough of the fake medicine sold by the medical family..."

"Hey, have you bought fake medicine from the medical family before?"

"..."

The two then had a thorough discussion about "fake medicine sold by the medical family".

Chuyi leaned on her chin, tilted her head, and held the stem of a red cherry in her hand, rhythmically shaking it from left to right.

And the background of the cherry was the young man in Danfeng's plain clothes, with a doll hanging from his waist and a naive smile on his face.

The sound from over there was clearly transmitted into Silver Butterfly's ears, completely blocking out the topic of "fake medicine sold by the medical family" that was being discussed nearby.

Silver Butterfly, who was perched on the load-bearing pillar, disappeared like it had been burned, without anyone noticing.

And in the instant that Silver Butterfly disappeared, the people nearby seemed to have finished discussing the topic of fake medicine, and their voices once again floated into her ears.

"It looks like Danfeng has hope of rising again...haha, it all depends on Xia Wuyin."

"That child is already a Profound-level alchemist at such a young age. I heard he was born with an alchemy vein, and I'm sure he'll reach Earth-level soon."

"Hehe, this child has a naive smile and must have a pure heart. He must be very useful."

"I heard he was just a beggar before he entered Lingxi Peak...the sect leader has a good eye for talent."

"Truly remarkable, a rare talent indeed."

Everyone had expectations for that person.

Everyone was so happy.

She stood in front of people, foolishly smiled and was said to have a naive and pure heart, and her innate alchemy vein became the reason for her to reach the peak. It seemed that no one cared whether she worked hard or not, or the hardships she had gone through in the past. Every move she made was like she was covered in a halo of hope, so infinitely glorious.

- I'm so outstanding, and so many people like me. I don't have time to care about each and every one of them...
The light in Chu Yi's eyes was slightly hollow.

"...like this."

"That's right."

She was protected by someone behind her, surrounded by stars, and no one would say anything bad about her.

This was her older brother.

"...everyone will like older brother," Chu Yi murmured to herself.

Beside her, Ye Ze's face was pale and he didn't notice Chu Yi's strange behavior. He was slightly startled by her words and thought she was talking about him. He tried to focus, "What are you talking about?"

"Mingming, before..." Chu Yi muttered to herself, "...before no one liked older brother."

It was just her alone.

It was because there were too many people who liked her older brother, so he became tired and left the little butterfly who liked him to fend for herself over and over again.

From then on, life and death were irrelevant to her.

"..."

Chu Yi didn't say anything else, just smiled and tightened her grip on the cherry in her hand.

In an instant, the bright red juice splattered, staining the girl's white and tender palm, dripping onto the table one drop at a time.

How long does it take to go from infinite glory to falling into dust?

How long does it take to go from wearing a rainbow to being despised by everyone?

She slowly turned to look at Ye Ze, her lips curled into a sweet smile, "I mean, older brother used to have a very hard life."

Ye Ze thought she had mistaken him for her brother and was about to correct her, but when he looked at Chu Yi, he couldn't bring himself to say anything.

The girl's smile was sweet, but there was no light in her almond-shaped eyes. She could see everything, yet it seemed like she could see nothing.

Her lips smiled lightly, but her eyes seemed to be crying.

He felt like he had seen this kind of gaze somewhere before.
It had been many years, but he still remembered the young man with that kind of gaze. He had once grabbed his collar and even after all these years, the hoarse roar still echoed in his ears.

"Do you think you're the only one in this world who suffers?" the young man had said.

Of course not.

Ye Zechen fell silent for a moment before replying in a low voice, "It's not that bad."

He looked in the direction of Xia Wuyin and said, "Sometimes when I feel pain, I just think that if I endure it a little longer, it will eventually pass."

Chu Yi asked, "What if you can't bear it anymore?"

"Then I'll grit my teeth and endure it a little longer," Ye Zechen replied, as if he was convincing Chu Yi and himself. "There's nothing that can't be overcome."

There's nothing that can't be overcome.

Everything can be.
