The entire Wind City has been surrounded by demons.

At this moment, a grand wedding procession slowly made its way towards Wind City.

Although Xia Ge had beaten him up, Chang Lan's cultivation allowed him to quickly restore his handsome face. He kept looking at Xia Ge, hoping she would add more color to it.

He led the wedding procession on his tall horse and arrived at the gates of Wind City. Strangely, the fierce demon guards looked savage, but as soon as Chang Lan and his entourage approached, they respectfully opened the gates.

They entered the city without any hindrance.

Chang Lan remained calm, but Chang Nian looked at the respectful demons with an inexplicable sense of disgust. He felt that something was different at that moment. Could it really be... their father?

Seeing his younger brother's uneasy expression, Chang Lan remained expressionless. He had expected this from the demons, but he didn't know how to react to it.

In Chang Lan and Chang Nian's eyes, their father ruled over the vast Chang family and was occasionally not entirely fair. As the head of such a large family, he was shrewd and strict with them, but overall, he was a good father.

But now, seeing these scenes, Chang Lan couldn't describe the feeling in his heart.

The large red sedan was spacious enough for three Xia Ges to roll around in. This indicated that the Chang family was still very wealthy.

Of course, Xia Ge wouldn't roll around. She sat next to her senior sister, facing Chu Yao in her red wedding dress. This combination looked a bit strange, but they were in an extraordinary situation and couldn't worry about that.

Judging from the demons' attitudes, Chu Yao's plan to take advantage of the chaos was very feasible.

The red sedan was surrounded by fierce demons, and although Xia Ge was capable of defeating them, she couldn't help feeling a little nervous. She whispered, "Chang Nian said it was just a misunderstanding, but look at how these demons didn't attack when they saw the Chang family's wedding procession. Who would believe that it has nothing to do with Chang Lao Zui?"

Chu Yao fell silent for a moment and said, "I never thought Uncle Chang would be so blinded by greed."

On the way here, Xia Ge had given Chu Yao a full explanation of Chang Ren's actions over the years.

Gu Peijiu lifted the curtain slightly, revealing one eye. She looked outside at the demon tide and frowned slightly.

"These demons are a bit strange," she said.

"Their aura... is very strange," Xia Ge asked curiously.
"Normally, evil spirits that surround a city do not discriminate between friend and foe," Gu Peijiu explained. "The evil spirits that I have encountered before were all part of an evil spirit tide. They would kill anyone, regardless of their identity. However, these evil spirits... are clearly being controlled by someone."

As far as Gu Peijiu knew, the only person who could control evil spirits was Xia Wushuang, who had used a soul song to send evil spirits back to the Evil Spirit Mountain several hundred years ago. Gu Peijiu had never seen anyone else who could manipulate evil spirits to distinguish between friend and foe.

Even the Evil Spirit Camp, which had risen and fallen a few years ago and claimed to be able to control evil spirits, only used secret methods to collect evil spirits. When they needed to use them, they would release them like wolves, kill the people they wanted to kill, and then use their secret methods to retrieve them.

However, that was not important now. Perhaps the old thief had used some unknown secret method. What Gu Peijiu was more concerned about was the disaster that was related to the Chang family.

She glanced at Xia Ge.

Xia Ge was imitating Gu Peijiu's previous posture, lifting the curtain to look outside. "That's true," she said. "I've never seen evil spirits bow their heads... they look so ugly when they do."

The evil spirits outside the red sedan all bowed their heads respectfully and did not show any signs of attack.

Evil spirits controlled by the Chang family... Xia Wushuang from five hundred years ago, Xia Ge now, and the disaster related to the Chang family...

Gu Peijiu's pupils suddenly contracted!

She raised her hand and cast a barrier on Xia Ge!

Xia Ge was suddenly enveloped by the barrier, caught off guard. Chu Yao was also surprised. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Senior sister?" Xia Ge looked at her in confusion.

Gu Peijiu's gaze became deep. "...As expected!"

With her soul trapped in the barrier, Xia Ge's soul aura disappeared.

Because Xia Ge was right here, her soul aura was the strongest. This made Gu Peijiu confused about her feelings earlier -

The strange feeling she felt before was because the evil spirits surrounding the city all had a faint trace of Xia Ge's soul aura!

And the only thing related to Xia Ge's soul was either Zhen Hun or the disaster!

These evil spirits were the handiwork of the disaster!

No wonder... Xia Wushuang was able to manipulate evil spirits with a soul song back then, partly because of the priest's methods, and partly because Xia Wushuang's soul was different from that of this world!

When the priest asked Xia Wushuang to summon evil spirits back then, it was also because he saw her soul, which was different from that of this world, and used it to create a curse song that could control evil spirits.

But when Xia Ge was possessed by the disaster earlier, it was clear that the disaster had swallowed up some of Xia Ge's soul power.
Gu Peijiu thought of Xia Ge's soul being injured by "magma" in her dream.

"What's wrong?" Xia Ge looked around her subtle soul barrier in confusion and asked, "What kind of barrier is this?"

"A soul barrier that can prevent evil spirits from harming the soul," Gu Peijiu paused and changed the subject, "Did you use the Soul Gathering Pill before when we were at the Evil Spirit Mountain?"

Gu Peijiu thought it would be better not to let her know about this.

Xia Ge nodded in the barrier, "Yes, I used the Soul Gathering Pill, but it didn't really work..."

"Can you make it again?" Gu Peijiu asked.

Three hundred years ago, Su Chan burned half of the Alchemy Peak's library with a fire. The precious alchemy materials of Alchemy Peak were long gone, and Gu Peijiu didn't rely on this for a living before. The reason why she became the senior sister of Alchemy Peak was partly because of her strong strength and extraordinary talent, and partly because her alchemy skills were already very advanced in the entire Fengyue Continent.

...Being able to reach the Profound level as an alchemist is already very advanced in the entire Fengyue Continent. Because there are no Earth level alchemy formulas.

But the Soul Gathering Pill was a formula given to Xia Ge by the system, so looking at the entire continent, only Xia Ge could make it.

Gu Peijiu said, "I have the materials, I'll give them to you, and you can make it again with those things."

Xia Ge's eyes lit up, suddenly enlightened, "Right!"

There are so many living alchemy materials outside!

However, Chu Yao said, "The Chang family is coming soon."

Xia Ge immediately became nervous, "What should we do... if..."

"I feel her breath," Chu Yao's light brown eyes deepened, "She's inside!"

"She" is obviously Chu Yi!
