She ended up calling him Xia Wushuang without much thought.

Chu Shi had said a lot, and it wasn't without reason. Although Xia Wushuang was not weak now, she was still no match for the imperial army. She was eager to become stronger.

Only by truly becoming stronger could she possibly get everything she wanted, protect those she could protect, and eventually find her way back, shattering the void.

Xia Wushuang looked at the stone in her hand, feeling the gentle affection emanating from the soul stone. After a moment, she said, "Okay."

Following her original intention, she made her eyes look like her little brother's, but the material for those pitch-black eyes was this unparalleled soul stone.

When she planned to grind the soul stone into two pieces to insert into the puppet's eyes, Xia Wushuang thought of Dou Dou.

"Can you hold my hand?" The voice was gentle and affectionate, the gaze was wandering and lingering. Despite never forgetting, thinking day and night, in the end, the once lofty deity, even with a demonized and all-powerful soul, left nothing but this pitch-black soul stone.

It was inexplicably heart-wrenching.

This was a shallow black beauty stone, like jade but not jade, like stone but not stone.

This was the unparalleled soul stone in the world.

This was the token Dou Dou left for her.

For some reason, she thought of a line from the Book of Songs she had read a long time ago in the mortal world.

"The son of Liuyu, leave it to me."

"Give me the shallow black beauty stone."

The shallow black beauty stone was called "pei ju" in the Book of Songs.

Originally, Xia Wushuang had planned to use her little brother's name as the leader's name, but she rubbed the puppet leader's head and said, "Forget it, you'll be called Gu Pei Ju."

Not long after the puppet Gu Pei Ju was made, the emperor, who had been unable to capture this bandit den for a long time, began to use underhanded means. As the saying goes, it's easy to block a spear, but it's hard to guard against a hidden arrow. The princess was finally captured by the emperor using despicable means, confined to the palace, and guarded day and night. The emperor turned a blind eye to the absurdity and incompetence of the barbarians and immediately announced that the princess would be married off to the barbarians soon.

The barbarians persecuted the people, burned, killed, and looted, committing all sorts of atrocities.

And the emperor's goal was to regain the three cities that his incompetent soldiers had lost to the barbarians.
Xia Wushuang was extremely angry about this, but the palace was heavily guarded by soldiers, and several ground-level ability users were watching day and night. Xia Wushuang alone could not snatch the princess back.

The princess's uncle and Xia Wushuang talked about the day of the princess's wedding, with half a year of preparation time. During this half year, Xia Wushuang stayed indoors and refined puppet soldiers, upgrading puppetry to the level of puppet master.

On the day of the princess's wedding, the barbarians also sent a team to show their sincerity, with elite soldiers and three city maps, vaguely demonstrating their power. The emperor, to show his love for the princess, covered the ten-mile-long Chang'an Street with red decorations, but did not know how many frozen bones were ignored on the roadside.

As the wedding procession passed by a mountain near Lingxi Peak, Xia Wushuang forcibly took the princess with his puppet soldiers and fought for three days. The puppet soldiers blocked all the retreats, and the puppet named Gu Peijiu, who had the soul stone of a god, was invincible. With a wave of her sleeve, the sky turned dark and the wind, rain, lightning and thunder raged. The barbarians suffered countless deaths and injuries, and the plain was piled with white bones and blood. Xia Wushuang successfully rescued the princess and brought her back to Lingxi Peak.

Later, that plain was called the "Plain of White Bones," and the resentment of the barbarians and the white bones turned into the Black Rock Cave, which became the prototype of the black market.

"Princess, you will definitely reign over the world," Xia Wushuang said to Chu Shi, holding her hand and kissing her forehead lightly, covered in blood.

This time, Chu Shi did not say to her, "Don't call me Princess."

She seemed to remember everything, but also seemed to have forgotten everything.

The wooden puppet named Gu Peijiu stood behind the girl, with her black eyes flashing slightly.

The mighty river of time flowed down, with patches of mist and huge stones falling from the sky deeply into the ground. Xia Ge used Ghost Shadow Trace to catch up, and the tree shadows around her flowed backwards quickly. She clearly felt that the closer she got to the river of time, the faster her body shrank.

But she had to move forward.

Ghost Shadow Trace was fast, and she soon arrived at her destination. The river water in front of her splashed out snow-white water splashes, not as gentle as when she first saw it. The river was raging and roaring like an angry lion, rushing down, and the other side was still shrouded in mist, mysterious and unclear.

Xia Ge paused and looked at the huge stone that sank three feet into the ground beside her. This stone was what she had seen on this side of the river of time before, with inscriptions that she couldn't see clearly.

People on this side cannot see the truth on the other side.

Only by dispelling the mist can some facts be seen clearly.

Xia Ge raised her head and looked at the words on the stone.

As if afraid that she wouldn't recognize it, the large words "River of Time" were engraved on it, as if emphasizing something.

The system reminded her, "It's time to go."
Xia Ge took a step forward, and the raging waves were right beneath her feet, but she stopped once again.

She felt like she had lost something, and her heart was beating fast. There seemed to be something behind her that she had forgotten, neglected, and never noticed. But when she turned around, the Peach Blossom Village in the distance was still a gentle pink, like a hazy mist that had no end in sight.

No one called out to her.

The system urged her, "Hurry up and move, what are you waiting for?"

Indeed, she couldn't afford to delay any longer. In the time it took her to daydream, her hands began to shrink at a visible rate, and her hair started to shorten. Xia Ge knew that she couldn't procrastinate any longer.

"I...I feel like something's not right," Xia Ge murmured, thinking about the broken puppet. "Is reincarnation supposed to be like this?"

The system said, "Think about it later, think about it later. If you don't move now, you'll die here!"

Thirteen years old, nine years old, eight years old...her body was rapidly shrinking, and time was taking back everything it had given Xia Ge. When she came to her senses, her body had become that of a six or seven-year-old.

She couldn't delay any longer.

Xia Ge thought that maybe she was just overthinking things.

She pulled out her sickle and swung it towards the opposite bank!

"Splash..."

To her surprise, Xia Ge didn't have the strength to throw the sickle to the other side!

The punishment of time was indeed terrible.

With a loose belt and clothes, Xia Ge tightened her belt and said, "I've learned something new."

Fortunately, the system's skills didn't seem to be affected. Xia Ge retrieved the sickle and swung it again with great effort -

[One-hit kill]!

Clang!

The black sickle tore through the air with a burst of energy and landed firmly on the other side of the river!

This time, the sickle didn't embed itself too high, so Xia Ge couldn't cross the river using the chain. She put away the sickle and jumped into the river.

The turbulent river was overwhelming, and Xia Ge struggled to hold onto the chain. She fell into the water and swallowed several mouthfuls of water. She gritted her teeth and tried to follow the chain, but suddenly stopped after swimming only a few meters.
...... On the other side of the river, there were people.

In the misty fog, there were people, and there was fire.

The cold river of time washed over her frail body. She tightly held onto the chain of the sickle, looking at the black shadow on the other side of the river, gradually becoming clear from being blurry.

It wasn't just one person, but many, many people.

Like a phantom, yet also like reality, the raging fire burned everything, people bustling about, shouting hoarsely, desperately trying to put out the fire.

It took her a moment to realize that the place being washed by the raging fire was Lingxi... Danfeng.

The library.

But the peaceful memory of the library in the past was now all burning flames. Xia Ge couldn't even recognize this place for a moment.

She shook her head, thinking she was dreaming, but she wasn't.

"What's going on?" she couldn't help but ask.

"You're in the River of Time, able to see the time that the River of Time has experienced," the system said. "What you're seeing now is the most real, recorded history."

"The water of the River of Time is very magical, and you may be able to see some things that happened hundreds of years ago, but it has nothing to do with you. Just keep swimming forward."

How could it have nothing to do with her?

Xia Ge remembered someone saying that the library in Danfeng had once experienced a great fire that burned all of the Dan techniques.

Since then, Danfeng had not produced any alchemists above the level of Earth.

That fire was the source of Danfeng's decline.

"How did the fire happen?" Xia Ge asked.

She urgently wanted to know what happened.

The River of Time flowed downstream, and the scene in front of her began to slowly change.

The fire burned for a day and a night. The disciples shouted "water" while desperately trying to put out the fire. In the chaotic situation, Xia Ge heard a leisurely and delicate flute sound.

If she didn't listen carefully, she wouldn't have heard it. Because of her surprise and the noise of the people trying to put out the fire, Xia Ge didn't notice it before. But when she calmed down, the sound of the flute became somewhat abrupt and unnatural.
The voice was familiar, like the faint and unheard flute sound that she heard for the first time when she was attacked by the demon in clothes a long, long time ago.

However, the disciples acted as if they didn't hear anything and just rushed to put out the fire.

Xia Ge followed the sound and quickly found its source. But as soon as she saw the person, her pupils shrank slightly.

It was the person on the paulownia tree in front of the library.

The person's shadow was blurry and flickering like a phantom, but Xia Ge could see her clearly.

Time can magnify all blurred truths.

The red clothes made the girl's white skin look even more delicate. The slender bones of her delicate hands holding the bone flute were clearly visible, and a red love knot was tied to the end of the flute. The narrow and cold eyes were like dancing flames.

She looked familiar.

Who... was she?

A person as stunning as her could not be forgotten. Who was so similar to this person?

In a flash, Xia Ge remembered.

Three years ago, in the old ancestor's tomb, she heard a girl's lingering voice in her ear.

"Call me Ah Chan."

Ah Chan?!

Three hundred years ago, Ah Chan?!

Xia Ge's pupils dilated.

Why?! The time when the Danfeng Library was burned down was three hundred years ago! Why is this person-

This person has lived for three hundred years?! Is she human, ghost, or monster?!

But there was no denying that the clothes were stained with blood.

She was Ah Chan, a member of the demonic cult!

Why did she burn down the library?
"I have been sleeping for so long."

As if to answer her question, the young girl put down her flute. Her eyes flickered with flames as she murmured to herself, "Why haven't you come back yet?"

"...How long do you want me to wait?"

She spoke softly, her slender, fair hand brushing over the bone flute. Her eyes, reflecting the flames, were warm yet cold at the same time.

"You hide the tomb, you hide the evil spirit mountain, you even hide yourself, leaving me with a useless broken flute..."

"..."

As she spoke, she suddenly stopped.

The flames in the library burned for a long time. Finally, someone put them out. White smoke rose up, mingling with the morning mist on the mountain. She didn't say another word.

Xia Ge shivered in the river, feeling anxious. "Why isn't she saying anything? Can we skip ahead?"

The system replied, "Do you think this is a movie? You can't skip ahead."

Xia Ge: "..."

Perhaps in the river of time, her body stopped shrinking, but didn't return to its original size.

That person finally moved.

Her snow-white hand caressed the bone flute as she spoke softly, "It doesn't matter. I have plenty of time to spend with you."

"But I, Su Chan, have always hated doing bad business. If someone makes me unhappy, I won't let them get away with it."

"...You've always hated to see me unhappy. Why have you changed?"

"..."

The library, set on fire by Su Chan, was now emitting white smoke.

Xia Ge felt her heart ache as she watched.

What was this, a story of love and hate? One person running away with the money and the other unable to find them, burning down the library in anger? What's the point of being unhappy? Why burn down the library? The library was innocent too! The students who were oppressed by Jianfeng for so many years were also innocent!
Su Chan didn't know about Xia Ge's inner thoughts. She tightened her grip on the flute and chuckled self-deprecatingly after a while.

"... Why am I saying all this?"

"It's been two hundred years. You, Xia Wushuang, have been gone for two hundred years. What else do you care about?"

Xia Ge didn't want to hear it anymore. She tugged on the chain and swam forward again. The love and hate of the older generation had nothing to do with her. Knowing the reason why the library was destroyed was enough.

"... This time I burned down a library, next time, I'll release the evil spirits of Evil Spirit Mountain."

The girl's voice was muffled and lazy, with a simple malice that was like joking with a child. "Then, let the powerful people go over, and then..."

"Huh."

"Massacre and so on, anyway, you don't care."

"What?!!"

Xia Ge, who had been acting nonchalant, leapt up like a flying fish at the words, then fell back with a splash. She coughed and almost drowned, but when she raised her eyes again, she had already swum past that time period, and the scenery in front of her had changed.

"Oh my god!"

"I heard something just now?" Xia Ge couldn't believe it. "What did that person say just now? What did she say?!"

System: "... It's, Evil Spirit Mountain and evil spirits."

Xia Ge tugged on the chain, and for a moment, some things seemed to become clearer.

Three years ago, when she first met Su Chan in the ancestral tomb, Su Chan said she had been looking for the tomb for a long time, and then took away a box similar to an urn.

Considering the relationship between the ancestral tomb and Evil Spirit Mountain.

... It must be a clue to Evil Spirit Mountain.

The reason why the teleportation stone of the ancestral tomb became a dual transmission stone might not have been sudden, but was likely influenced by the emergence of Evil Spirit Mountain. So shortly after she found that the teleportation stone was not right, she received news of the emergence of Evil Spirit Mountain.

And this news was likely released by the Demon Cult!

- As for the purpose, it was simply to capture all the people who went there!

... No, it might not be like this. Maybe it was someone else three years ago? How could someone live for three hundred years?
The system said, "What you see in the River of Time cannot be wrong."

"But maybe it's her ancestor!" Xia Ge argued.

The system replied, "…As long as you're happy."

Regardless of whether it was an ancestor or not, there was definitely something suspicious about the emergence of the evil spirits on Evil Spirit Mountain this time.

—I'll be back.

Senior Sister!!!

Xia Ge's pupils contracted. In the next moment, she flashed and had already arrived on this shore!

At the moment she stepped onto this shore, the roaring sound of the River of Time suddenly disappeared from behind her. She turned around and found nothing but solid gravel and mist. Everything that had been rushing and roaring before, the river and the boulders that had fallen from the sky, seemed to have never existed.

When the wrong person was sent back to the right time, the River of Time disappeared.

Her shrunken body began to grow slowly. Bones elongated and muscles grew, creaking with intense pain. Xia Ge gritted her teeth and, ignoring the discomfort of her body, said, "Go to Evil Spirit Mountain!"

Regardless of where she was, since the demoness from three hundred years ago had already emerged, she would undoubtedly fulfill her previous promise!

She must...must go to Evil Spirit Mountain to find her senior sister!!

Xia Ge had never regretted anything as much as her previous decision not to go to Evil Spirit Mountain. However, just as she had made up her mind, a girl's laughter suddenly rang out in the mist.

"Heh."

"Who?!"

Xia Ge shuddered and, enduring the pain, threw her sickle to the ground with a clang. The sturdy gravel was cut like tofu by the sharp sickle.

"It's really easy to get lost in the floating clouds and deep sea, not knowing where you are in this mountain."

It was an ethereal voice, somewhat ghostly, yet elusive.

Xia Ge was taken aback, but quickly realized, "Who are you?!"

"I am your..."

She paused, as if considering something, and then whispered, "Guide."
The deep clouds dissipated and a blue deer slowly emerged from the mist. Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly - a lost deer?!

It was not the same as the one in the back mountain, but it was the same species.

On the back of the lost deer was a girl wearing a tattered cloak. She sat on the deer's back like a tourist, her face covered by a hat and her cloak covering every corner of her body, making it almost impossible to see her true appearance.

Xia Ge tightened her grip on her sickle, her eyes turning into green beast pupils as she stealthily tried to identify the girl's identity, but there was no information available.

Xia Ge had a vague sense of unease. Her reconnaissance technique had never encountered such a situation. It was as if the system had shut down, and she couldn't get any information about this guide.

She had explored the Sleeping Tomb, visited the Black Market, fought a dragon in the White Dream Cave, and battled an S-class puppet. As the saying goes, knowing oneself and knowing the enemy is the key to victory. Xia Ge was always confident in her reconnaissance technique, which was one of the reasons why she was unbeatable in battle.

Nothing was scarier than the unknown, and this guide had nothing.

Her reconnaissance technique gave her no information.

Xia Ge remained calm on the surface, but her body retreated silently as the girl approached, taking a step back.

"Guide?" Xia Ge heard herself play dumb. "What is that? I don't understand."

"You don't need to understand." The girl laughed lightly, her voice as pleasant as silver bells. "Just follow me."

The side effects of the River of Time had completely worn off, and Xia Ge was back in her prime. She held her sickle, her face smiling, and a sinister aura quietly emanated from her. "That's not right. My legs are attached to me, so they can go wherever I want. Why do I have to follow you?"

She still had to find her senior sister, who was in danger. She didn't have time to waste with an irrelevant guide.

Before Xia Ge finished speaking, her hand suddenly hurt, and the sickle she was holding flew out!

The sickle spun in the air in a cold arc before finally falling with a "clang" behind her, where the River of Time flowed.

Everything happened too quickly. Xia Ge didn't even see what the girl did. The girl was still on the back of the lost deer.

"Why should I follow you?" The cloaked girl moved her toes casually and laughed lightly. "Because I'm stronger than you."
That was a moment of suffocation.

An oppressive feeling, stronger than the Jiaolong's pressure, suddenly emanated from the girl. The mist within a radius of ten thousand li trembled and quivered, and the heavy sand on the ground shook silently. It seemed that everyone in this territory should bow down to the girl.

She was the absolute ruler.

Xia Ge felt her bones, which had just healed, trembling, shrinking, and roaring to strike. The pressure from absolute strength made her dizzy. This was the pressure that only absolute strength could bring!

The lost deer bleated twice and looked at Xia Ge with its watery eyes, as if persuading her to submit.

For a long time, Xia Ge was like a stubborn stone that could retreat but would never bow down or submit. She even forced out a smile and said, "You're really amazing."

"Weak people submit to the strong," the girl's voice was shallow, "I think smart people know what to do."

"I used to... think I was a smart person."

Under the heavy pressure, every word was difficult for Xia Ge. She clenched her fists, straightened her spine, and stared at the girl's eyes under the hat. Her sharp and cold cat-like eyes said, "Later, I realized that I was only a little clever."

"...True wisdom," Xia Ge took a step forward, staring at the girl's eyes under the hat, her sharp and cold cat-like eyes, "is learning to be confused."

And to learn to try to accept.

She couldn't follow this person.

Because her senior sister was waiting for her, waiting for her to appear in front of her like a hero.

"You're being foolish," the girl's voice was indifferent, "If I were you, I wouldn't be so stupid."

"So," Xia Ge took another step forward, like a fearless warrior, "you wouldn't try to like someone."

Under the strong pressure, Xia Ge walked step by step to the lost deer's side. "Love... is occasionally being foolish for her."

She had to go find her senior sister. She didn't have time to walk with this inexplicable "guide."

"First, you have to have a life," the girl was not interested in Xia Ge's approach, her voice indifferent, "before you have the capital to talk about love."

"You're right." Xia Ge suddenly smiled at the girl and said word by word, "First, you have to live."

She wanted her senior sister to come back safe and sound, with all her hair and tail, before she had the capital to say that word, "accept."

The girl had no patience to talk to Xia Ge anymore. She said, "You..."
Next moment!

The Lost Deer and her figure suddenly disappeared! The eight small worlds tore apart the place where she was originally located!

The pressure was suddenly torn apart by the eight worlds, and Xia Ge stood on a corner of an iceberg in a small world. The small world was connected to the icy snow, with heavy snow flying. The Eight Desolate Jade Flute was held in her hand, her black hair fluttering, and her lovesickness entangled. Xia Ge looked at the girl with cold eyes. The Eight Desolate Flute belonged to her, and the eight small worlds of the Eight Desolate Flute naturally obeyed Xia Ge's commands, using the power of the artifact to tear apart the girl's pressure, which was the only plan.

A corner of the gray cloak fell lightly, and after a while, the girl laughed lightly.

"I underestimated you."

Xia Ge pulled the corner of her mouth. "Not at all."

The spiritual power that supported the Eight Desolate World was suffocating, but fortunately, Xia Ge had the spirit stones that she sold the elixirs for, which barely supported her.

But there was a big difference between being at ease and barely getting by, and neither of them could escape the girl's eyes.

The girl got off the deer and looked at Xia Ge not far away. Her voice was shallow. "I have no ill intentions. I just want to take you somewhere."

After a pause, she said, "I am your guide."

Xia Ge said, "Then you are the friendliest guide I have ever met."

She took away her weapon as soon as she came up, and then directly suppressed her with her strength.

"The simplest way to make someone submit is to make her realize the absolute gap in strength," the girl said.

Xia Ge said, "This is indeed a good method. I rarely make mistakes, but unfortunately, you happened to encounter me when I was being foolish."

The girl didn't say anything this time, but the pressure outside quietly dissipated. She tilted her head and made a seemingly innocent comment. "You've always been foolish."

Xia Ge: "..."

"The Lost Deer doesn't know the way back." The girl suddenly said.

Xia Ge was stunned, feeling very familiar. After a while, she remembered that three years ago, the Lost Deer led her to the old ancestor's tomb, and what she heard was this sentence.

"It was you who asked the Lost Deer to tell me..." Xia Ge glanced at the Lost Deer. This Lost Deer was different from the one on the back mountain. The one on the back mountain was slightly smaller and thinner, while this one was slightly taller.

Could it be three years ago...

A terrifying thought.
"It wasn't me," the girl said. "It says whatever you can hear."

Xia Ge didn't want to waste any more time with her. "This is ridiculous."

"It's not ridiculous," the girl shook her head, revealing a mysterious smile under her hat. "It's your own destiny."

Xia Ge fell silent for a moment, looking at her with a strange gaze.

The girl smiled.

After a while, Xia Ge spoke sincerely, "Do you know what? You look a lot like the quack selling fake medicine on the side of my house."

The girl waved her hand slightly.

"Boom!"

A deafening explosion shook the earth and Xia Ge barely managed to stand his ground. He turned his head to see a huge, bottomless pit formed a hundred meters away from the girl. The girl's voice carried a hint of amusement, "Oh? Can your quack do that?"

She smiled kindly, "Do I look like them?"

Xia Ge thought to himself, "Not even a little bit!!"

"...Not really," Xia Ge picked up the sickle on the ground and said, "but I have to go now."

This time, the girl didn't stop her and said, "Please do."

About half an hour later, Xia Ge returned to the same place for the fifth time.

The lost deer lay on the ground, and the girl leaned against its soft belly. Even though she was resting, she was wrapped up tightly, like an Arab woman Xia Ge had seen on TV before.

Seeing her come back again, the girl was not surprised at all and even chuckled lightly, "Oh, you're back."

Xia Ge thought to himself, "My intelligence has been insulted."
"Is it a formation? An illusion? Or something else?" Xia Ge asked calmly after a moment.

It wasn't a formation; she couldn't find any formation eye. It wasn't an illusion either, as everything was real.

The girl didn't hide anything from her and said softly, "It's a domain."

"......?" Xia Ge was confused.

"This is my world, my domain." The girl stood up, and her soft cloak fell down. Xia Ge was surprised to find that the old grey cloak on the girl suddenly became as silky and smooth as silk.

Casually changing the composition of matter.

Like a god.

Xia Ge suddenly understood why she couldn't see the girl's identity.

The girl whispered, "Don't be afraid. I am your guide, and I won't harm you."

Xia Ge compromised, "Okay, since you're my guide, where are you taking me?"

The girl whispered, "I feel like someone is going to release a million evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain."

So, was it true? Did that person named Achan really intend to make a move?

But no matter why this guide knew that someone was going to release the evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain, she must have an intricate connection with the Evil Spirit Mountain.

Perhaps following her...

Xia Ge held the sickle slightly and asked after a moment, "So what?"

"I know where you want to go." The girl didn't answer the crucial question. The lost deer stood up, and the girl stroked its head intimately, saying, "I also know what you're thinking."

But even though she was affectionate towards the deer's head, the girl didn't reveal her hand, which was wrapped in the soft fabric of the cloak, and showed no trace.

The girl said, "And as part of my duty, I should help you."

"But I don't like helping someone I don't like." The girl tilted her head slightly. "I was just testing you before to see if I would like you."

"I don't know if you like me or not." Xia Ge was honest. "I don't like you."
The girl "oh"ed and ignored her words, "Thanks to your previous foolishness, I think you are barely acceptable now."

Xia Ge felt that her voice might have been a little low before: "I said I don't really like...you."

However, before she finished her sentence, the girl interrupted her casually: "Your thoughts are not that important."

"The weak have no right to speak."

Xia Ge: "......"

She earnestly asked for Xia Ge's opinion: "What do you think?"

Xia Ge: "......Yes."

Xia Ge gritted her teeth and maintained a smile. Every word seemed to be squeezed out of her teeth, with an official tone, "...So, great guide, where are you taking me? How can I save the world?"

The girl touched the head of the lost deer, and the lost deer crouched down to let her climb up, "Follow me."

Xia Ge followed the girl with a sickle on her back for a while. Both of them were anxious in their hearts, but one was indifferent. They were silent all the way.

If the million evil spirits of the Evil Spirit Mountain were released, Xia Ge didn't know if her senior sister could hold on...she must hold on. No, her senior sister was so strong, there should be no problem.

Xia Ge comforted herself in her heart.

As for the strange girl in front of her, she seemed to have no intention of harming her, and she seemed to know a lot about the Evil Spirit Mountain. Let's see what she is selling first.

As they walked, the girl suddenly asked, "How do you understand love?"

Like small talk.

Xia Ge: "......"

The girl's lost deer stopped, seeming to think that this answer was important.

Xia Ge's gaze wandered: "You asked a very interesting question."

The girl said, "Answer me."

Xia Ge thought of her senior sister, thought of that lingering and crazy kiss, and her heart suddenly skipped a beat.

After a while.
Love.

"You ask me, I don't know either," Xia Ge said. "There are so many types of love, are you asking about parental love, love between friends, or something else?"

The young girl stared at her, as if scrutinizing her soul. "Tell me what you're thinking about right now."

"I can't understand this thing," Xia Ge said. "It's too mysterious."

"But if you really want to know what I'm thinking, I can tell you."

"To love someone...is probably to not always stand behind them," Xia Ge said. "No matter what happens, you want to be their hero."

Even if it's just once.

= =

At the same time, in Chang'an.

Chu Zhan lay in bed, his throat itching. After a violent coughing fit, he lay back down, exhausted and unable to exert any strength.

Sickness comes like a mountain collapsing, and goes like a thread being pulled.

It's hard to say whether he'll recover from this illness.

The sunlight outside the window shone on his face, warm and comforting.

He thought.

His eldest daughter was already capable of handling everything on her own, and didn't require too much of his attention.

But it was still unfair.

Chu Zhan's gaze was slightly dim, as he didn't know what his daughter was thinking. No matter how brilliant she was, she would always be overshadowed by the glory and expectations of the Chu family ancestors.

As a father, he also hoped that his daughter could surpass her ancestors, make a name for herself, and become the pride of the world.

But the time he could give her was too short.

Chu Zhan sighed. His eldest daughter was always organized and never made him worry.
There shouldn't be anything to worry about.

But... Chu Yi.

Chu Zhan closed his eyes, feeling melancholic.

He owed this child too much.

He had only two women in his life. Yun Shi, Chu Yi's mother, was his legal wife and was proud and stubborn, with some extreme tendencies. Ge Shi, Chu Yao's mother, was gentle and quiet by nature, and because the Chu family valued Chu Yao's eyes, he tended to favor Ge Shi a bit more when he returned home.

To prevent spoiling the child too much and to cultivate the independence of the Chu family's heirs, they were all raised by wet nurses and sent to the family school when they grew up, and then to suitable sects for cultivation when they were a little older.

Chu Zhan spent most of his time dealing with affairs outside and didn't have time to take care of family matters in the backyard. He also neglected Yun Shi to some extent. One time when he returned, Yun Shi asked him to take her daughter with him. He didn't think too much about it and agreed, thinking that Yun Shi was alone.

But no one noticed that Chu Yi's personality became increasingly gloomy and quiet.

In the academy, Chu Yao, who inherited a pair of light brown eyes, was more outstanding and excellent. She was well-organized in her work, although she liked to play with knives and guns and occasionally had a bad temper, she was still polite in her daily interactions with people.

Later, the people in the family proposed to raise Ge Shi to the status of legal wife and make Chu Yao the legitimate heir and successor.

"Look at A Yao's eyes, she is extraordinary..."

"..."

Except for Yun Shi, who came to deliver porridge and overheard the conversation, everything seemed to be okay.

It had been half a year since he last visited Yun Shi's courtyard. It was the first time he had stepped into Yun Shi's small courtyard and promised her that he would not disrupt the hierarchy of the main and side rooms.

At that time, Yun Shi's expression was very gentle, and she didn't say anything. Chu Zhan thought she believed him.

He thought... everything would be peaceful, but he was too naive, and he didn't understand his own wife.

A few days after that incident, Yun Shi was found dead in her room, covered in wounds, and Chu Er Miss was missing.

The young Chu Yao reported to him expressionlessly, "Mother committed suicide, sister is missing, father, don't worry, I will find my sister soon."

But Chu Zhan saw Yun Shi's death, with several wounds all over her body, clearly the work of a murderer.

"She committed suicide?!" Chu Zhan laughed in anger, speaking indiscreetly, "A Yao! Nineteen wounds!! Can Yun Shi stab herself nineteen times?!!"

One person couldn't stab themselves nineteen times.
Young Chuyao looked at her desperate father, but as if she hadn't heard anything, she just said word by word, "Yun Shi, commit suicide."

Chuzhan was so angry at the time that he didn't understand it, but when he inspected the injuries, he found that the knife was the meteor dagger he gave to Miss Chu Er.

Chu Yao stood behind her tall father, expressionless, stubbornly insisting, "Father, Yun Shi committed suicide."

... If it wasn't suicide, what else could be done?

Announce to the outside world that the noble Miss Chu Er killed her mother?

After handling all the related people who knew the truth silently.

Chuzhan hated Chu Yi for a while.

Very hate.

He did have feelings for Yun Shi, but some feelings could only be suddenly awakened when someone died.

People are like this, they don't know how to cherish what they have in their hands, and they suddenly wake up when they lose it.

He remembered Yun Shi's tenderness and remembered everything they had together.

But everything still went on as usual. After Yun Shi left, Ge Shi became his wife, and Chu Yao naturally became the legitimate daughter.

However, regarding Yun Shi and Chu Yi, these memories and inexplicable hatreds were also somewhat ridiculous.

In Yun Shi's room, a precious herb was planted with a precious tool. Chuzhan felt that he didn't know his wife very well, so he checked the origin of the herb.

"Huanmu grass, can change the color of people's eyes, the process is extremely painful, and can cause blindness, use with caution."

Because of his hatred for Chu Yi killing his mother, he had never asked about the news of this child before, nor had he looked for her.

Now, he took the grass and went to ask the maid who had seen Chu Yi before, one by one.

The things that were asked were chilling and painful.

"The madam... scolded and beat Miss..."

"What did she say?"

"..."
"Speak."

"Madam, Miss is often called... a lowly person... and everyone in the courtyard looks down on her."

"..."

Chu Zhan couldn't express his feelings at the moment.

He just felt like a failure.

In this life, he had always been successful and never felt like a failure before.

But at that moment, he felt like a complete failure.

"Should I go find my sister?"

Chu Yao was standing behind him at that time. "Father."

"Find her." Chu Zhan's voice was hoarse. "Yao, bring back the bloodline of our Chu family."

"Yes."

He didn't turn around, just tightly grasped the herb. When Chu Yao turned to leave, he suddenly said, "...Yao, am I a failure?"

Chu Yi was silent for a long time before finally saying, "You will always be our father."

The memories abruptly stopped, and the sky slowly darkened. His throat began to itch, and Chu Zhan started coughing violently, taking a long time to calm down.

Ge Shi brought him dinner and took care of him, wanting to continue taking care of him, but Chu Zhan sent her away.

"I want to be alone for a while."

Ge Shi sighed and didn't insist.

Chu Zhan stayed alone for a while.

A silver butterfly slowly floated into his vision, and he looked at it, his thoughts drifting. He didn't even know what he was thinking.

"Father... why are you sighing?"
"A gentle voice, with a hint of laughter," she said.

The silver butterfly flickered and flew in through the window.
