To be honest, I didn't expect it to end in the Azure Purgatory. The Azure Purgatory, like the Ice Spear, is intended to be used against A-rank demons and is not normally used against people. However, Ice knows that much. If using this magic would violate the rules or cause injuries that would be detrimental, he would have stopped.

Not stopping means that Ice was confident that Cielmer wouldn't become incapacitated by this one blow. Rather, by boasting so much before the mock battle, he believed that Cielmer could still beat him even if he took the Azure Purgatory.

That's why he shot with all his might to win the mock battle. If possible, to end the mock battle with this one blow, and if not, to inflict enough damage to gain an advantage in the future.

The magic was successful. The high-temperature blue flames engulfed Cielmer, and the aftermath sank the surrounding area into a sea of fire.

There was no way to avoid it, so it hit him directly.

If that's the case, even if it was an A-rank opponent, he should have been able to inflict significant damage... or so he thought. But looking closely, Cielmer in his field of vision was clearly still fine. He hadn't even broken all the barriers.

If you looked closely, the barrier didn't seem to be completely unscathed, so if he could release the Azure Purgatory one more time, he might be able to break it, but there was no way he could do it again. He didn't want to look away, but the kind of magic that freezes the entire area is something that even Ice can't use. That means Cielmer has that much skill.

As an option to measure his strength, watching and waiting is also a possibility. However, waiting for them is the height of foolishness. From the point of view of the first Azure Purgatory, Ice's remaining magical power is not enough for a long battle.

Anyway, he needs to attack now. He creates a barrage with low-power magic to obscure Cielmer's vision and then delivers a high-power blow. Giving Cielmer the opportunity to attack him would be a mistake.

Once he made up his mind, he acted immediately.

"I hope the first barrage breaks the barrier... and..."

He releases countless small balls of fire towards Cielmer. If it were a weak demon, it would be easily defeated, but it's clear that it's not powerful enough to break that barrier. But he can keep using this for a while.

As he thought that, Cielmer started to move.

With graceful movements that exude nobility, he moves with a rustling sound.

It was a dance that made one forget about the battle and admire it. He moves slowly, but with the slightest movement, he shakes off Ice's magic and spins around as if playing with fire. It's humiliating that his magic is being used as a production, and his head is confused by the beauty of the dance in front of him.

What attracts the eye to Cielmer's dance is not the flashy movements, but the elegance of each movement. Simply reaching out, simply walking, simply spinning. Because the movements are so simple, the differences are apparent.

No, this is not the time to be thinking about such things. This is a mock battle. The next move is to break the barrier.

He takes out a spear from a magic bag hidden at his waist, which is two-thirds of his height but a little short. The drawback of fire magic is that it has no substance. While it can burn something, it's not suitable for breaking something. If it were wind, it could be cut. If it were earth, it goes without saying. If it were water, it could be turned into high-level ice. In contrast, fire magic is always focused on burning things.

There is also a way to explode it, but it's difficult to do that during a battle. Unlike flames created by oneself, if one missteps, the explosion can cause damage to oneself, and while it's easy to use for breaking walls, it's not suitable for breaking small, hard objects.

Cielmer's barrier is a small, hard object that's easy to understand.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

The Azure Purgatory was something that burned everything regardless of what it was. It could melt metal or stone walls if hit directly. However, it was blocked by Cielmer's barrier.

Therefore, I concentrated the impact on one point and broke through there. The spear I took out was made of Wyvern material and could maintain its hardness without melting or burning even at super high temperatures. I heated it up and made it the core of my flame magic and threw it.

By doing so, I compensated for the weakness of my fire magic, which I am good at. So I also trained in spear handling. Now, I could win against ice 10 times out of 10 with spear handling. Although I wouldn't be happy just winning with that.

Anyway, I prepared a spear that could withstand my flame magic and emphasized its penetrating power. However, by specializing too much in penetrating power, it could not defeat monsters with one blow.

To defeat them in one blow, you would have to shoot through their heart or head. As someone who is not a professional, I cannot achieve that level of accuracy against a moving target.

At most, I could aim for the body and penetrate the arms or legs. But even that has enough uses. If I tried to have someone else throw it for me, the spear would be too hot for anyone else to hold.

But this time was different. As long as I could break through the barrier, it would be fine. I even had to avoid hitting Cielmer with a clean hit. She was a skilled opponent. She would avoid a spear like mine, and if it hit the edge of the barrier, it would collapse from there.

So I also used body strengthening and threw it with all my might. Of course, I left the barrage of fireballs as it was and took advantage of the opportunity to deal with them. That's what I thought, but at the moment the spear left my hand, I met eyes with Cielmer.

She looked straight at me, as if ignoring the fireballs. She had a sharp gaze that seemed to see through my intentions. However, the spear had already left my hand.

The spear flew straight towards her at a speed that Cielmer's leisurely movements could not avoid. But Cielmer, who had been watching me closely, did not show any signs of dodging. And so my spear hit her barrier.

The momentum was weakened just a little, but the spear that penetrated the barrier flew straight towards her. Finally, Cielmer moved. She moved elegantly and efficiently, as she always had, and pulled the spear as if she were pulling it towards her. She caught the spear in her hand.

The spear should have been scorching hot just by holding it.

But that thought was blown away in an instant.

Cielmer used the momentum of the spear and swung it around. She swung it to repel all the approaching fireballs. It was like a butterfly fluttering.

It was like she was using a familiar tool, but not as a weapon. The spear was a prop for dancing. There was no pattern for defeating enemies. It seemed like she was being swung around by a spear that was too long, but she was controlling it firmly. Her movements were like flowing water.

After repelling all the fireballs, she spun the spear around and plunged it into the ground. All of her movements were so natural that I was completely absorbed in watching. The short time felt even shorter and at the same time felt very long. It was like a dream.

Until I saw the spear she had plunged into the ground freeze.

Then I felt a chill, and sharp pain ran through my neck. When I lowered my gaze with my eyes only, I saw that thorns made of ice had extended from the ground and pierced my neck.

If this were not a mock battle, the ice thorns would have definitely pierced my neck.

Did I let my guard down? That might be true. But more than that, I realized that there was an overwhelming difference in power.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆◆
(Ain's perspective)

During the mock battle with Freel, Ciel showed some leniency and gave up the first move - which is only natural since Ciel is ranked higher than Freel - but Freel surprised us all by unleashing a magic spell that was as powerful as Carol's ice spear from her first move.

Unlike the ice spear, which could be avoided if you were quick enough, this spell had a long-lasting effect and was very troublesome. On the other hand, the ice spear could be fired in rapid succession.

Because of that spell, all the innermost barriers of Ciel's usual shield, except for the one closest to him, were destroyed. Even the inner barriers that I created, which I thought could withstand the attacks of an A-ranked monster, were quite damaged. I honestly thought that Freel was merciless.

But because she was taking this seriously, I decided to show some of my own strength as well. Specifically, I unleashed the Songstress and the Dancer.

Since the first spell had caused a fire to spread around us, I covered it with an ice stage. It was Ciel's choice, but I couldn't talk while singing.

I deliberately left the damaged barriers as they were to measure the durability of the shield.

I thought it wouldn't break unless she used that first spell again, but it was pierced by a spear thrown amidst a barrage of fire.

For some reason, Ciel caught the spear and started using it for his dance, but the mock battle ended safely.

Ciel was good at wielding the spear. Especially since he was able to make full use of the Dancer's power this time, he seemed to be having a lot of fun.

Come to think of it, I think this was the first time someone had seen Ciel fighting with the Dancer. It might be interesting information that the opponent is attracted to Ciel's dance. I don't know if he was really attracted, but his attack clearly stopped, so that must be what happened.

In a way, this may be the correct form for the Dancer.

<<We finished without any danger. Good job.>>
<<Thank you, Ain. I was surprised when Ciel's shield was broken, but it was fun to be able to do various things!>>
<<I'm glad Ciel had fun.>>
<<That being said, I'm concerned that Carol didn't seem surprised even after watching my battle.>>
<<Indeed, she didn't seem surprised. Instead, she seemed to be thinking very hard about something.>>

After Freel declared her defeat, we talked about this on the way to Carol's place. With what just happened, Carol probably realized that Freel has multiple professions, and she may have even guessed what they are. I was going to explain it later, so it's good that she figured it out. 

"You were a complete mess!"

When we arrived at Carol's place, she happily taunted Freel. Freel made a displeased face and snorted.

"Well, I admit my defeat this time."

"I was a little surprised."

"You broke my shield, didn't you? But you still couldn't surprise me much..."

I had always thought that Freel had a high sense of pride, but is she the kind of person who can accept things honestly like this? But it's not like having a high sense of pride means you can't admit defeat to someone younger than you. Maybe it's precisely because she has a high sense of pride that she can accept losing to someone younger. 

As I was satisfied with this thought, Carol joined in on the conversation between Ciel and Freel.

"Can we stop talking about ice now?"

"That's not good. What's wrong with ice?"

"We can't keep playing with Freel forever, can we? Besides, Cielmail wasn't there just to have a mock battle with you, was he?"

"Yeah."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

Ciel immediately responds to Carol's question. Perhaps because Ciel answered so quickly, Freyre's momentum weakened, and he seemed like he wanted to say something but couldn't. Carol ignores this and starts walking.

Ciel also starts walking behind her.

"I got it! I'll definitely make Ice cry someday!"

While saying that, Carol and Freyre, who followed closely, couldn't help but think that they were actually very close friends.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

