On the day I obtained a physical body, Fiiyanamia-sama easily agreed to let us do what Ciel wanted to do. Since we didn't have any plans to begin with, it could be said that there was no need to worry about it now. We were told to wait until our position was confirmed before going to the Hunter's Association.

But weren't we supposed to be Fiiyanamia-sama's guests? Nevertheless, since all we had to do was wait until we got permission, it didn't matter.

We spent the rest of the day leisurely and eventually went to sleep. I didn't need to sleep, but I lost consciousness as if dragged by Ciel's sleep.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

I woke up.
My head feels fuzzy.
I find it funny, but I don't have the brainpower to think about why it's funny.
I open my eyes, squinting against the light, and see a beautiful sleeping face in front of me.

Long eyelashes, white skin, and glossy hair that's as shiny as silk. Even the hair that's fallen into her mouth is adorable.
Her closed eyes make her look like a doll, but her rising and falling chest tells me that she's alive. I feel a strong urge to touch her, and when I reach out to caress her cheek, her skin feels so soft and pleasant.

Perhaps because I touched her, her eyes open slightly in front of me.
She looks surprised when she sees me, with her sky-blue eyes wide open, but then she quickly squints happily.

Her hand reaches out to touch my cheek, and she strokes it to check something.
Then she smiles and hugs me gently.

Despite the sudden closeness, I don't feel uncomfortable at all. I feel a fluffy happiness and my eyelids naturally become heavy.

"Ain, right? Good morning, Ain."

I hear her voice, and I respond with a greeting.

"Good morning. Ciel."

"Hehehe, Ain looks so cute when sleepy. Shall we just sleep like this?"

"That sounds nice. It's warm and cozy, and I feel so happy."

"I suggested it, but we can't sleep in today because we don't have time."

"Um..."

I sluggishly sit up, swaying back and forth, waiting for my head to clear. When it does, I finally start to notice various things.
The feeling of waking up. Even though I slept when I was with the Supreme God, this feeling is clearly different today.
The last time I slept for a long time, I woke up quickly. I didn't drown in a light sleep like this.

So this is the first time I've experienced this feeling since coming to this world.
And Ciel is in front of me. And touching me.
So that means today is the day when I'm supposed to have a body. Maybe that's why I had to sleep forcibly yesterday.

In other words, I slept with Ciel, but I don't feel nervous or guilty. I just feel happy.
Hmm, maybe I've gotten used to living as a girl.

"Ain, Ain. Are you awake?"

"Yes, good morning."

"Good morning, Ain. Yes, yes, Ain is cute. So cute. When I think of you as Ain, you become even cuter. And your black hair and black eyes are things that I don't have."

Certainly, just changing your hair color can change your impression quite a bit.
Black hair is the opposite of Ciel's, so it changes the impression quite a bit.
My skin color is also that of a yellow race.

Ciel looks at me happily.
Come to think of it, what am I wearing? I realize that I'm wearing a thin negligee. The thin parts, like the shoulders, are see-through, and it's a bit embarrassing.

As I stare at her, Ciel suddenly hugs me.
Maybe because she's wearing a similar outfit, I can feel Ciel's body temperature.

"I finally get to hug you, Ain. I've wanted to touch you for so long."

Ciel rubs her face against my neck, so I wrap my arms around her head and stroke her hair.
Like Ciel, I've wanted to touch her many times.
How many times have I wanted to stroke and praise her, hug her and comfort her?
 ---- ◇ ---- 

As I interact with Ciel, an unusual and unlikely experience, my heart beats quietly but surely with excitement.

I had the confidence that I could indulge in this calm and gentle time all day long, but as Ciel said, I only have today.

After some time had passed, I gently grabbed Ciel's shoulder and pulled away. Ciel, who was removed from me, seemed somewhat dissatisfied, but when he saw my face, he smiled softly.

His appearance was so cute that I couldn't help but look away. Apparently pleased with my reaction, Ciel took my hand and said, "Let's go for breakfast," and began to walk.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

There was one thing that had been bothering me since my body was created. That is, whether I can use the same level of barrier on Ciel as before. With my current state, even a degraded barrier should provide sufficient defense.

But that's not good enough. I don't intend to compromise on protecting Ciel. So, while being led by Ciel, I checked my current condition. First, magic. I don't feel any magic-like power. Instead, I feel the power I felt from the Creator God. Next, the barrier. I was able to use the barrier on Ciel smoother than usual. The defense power also seems to be flawless.

Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I'm pseudo-god-like. Of course, I'm not really a god overnight, and the power I feel is not as immense as that of the Creator God or Fiiyanamia-sama. It's like a "god experience" in my current state.

No wonder I can't leave the mansion. If I release this pseudo-god, I don't know what will happen in just one day. Specifically, if I use my divine power to strengthen my body and attack the castle with all my might, I could destroy a country. But I won't do it. Even if I attack, I won't take damage, but if I go to the royal family and stab them with a knife, I can say that I destroyed a country. But I won't do it.

Another thing to say is that there is a possibility that either Ciel or I or both will become gods if we are transformed. I won't assert anything about transformation since it's unknown, but I'm made up of god's power, and yet I'm definitely my own body.

Anyway, since my worries have disappeared, I headed to the breakfast venue while being led by Ciel.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

Fiiyanamia-sama was already waiting, and Ciel sat down without hesitation. I wasn't sure what to do, but the maid pulled out a chair next to Ciel, so I sat there. As soon as I sat down, Fiiyanamia-sama turned an interested gaze towards me.

"Oh my, Ain-chan looks like Ciel."
"I'm being dragged along by Ciel."
"I wonder if that's really the case? In any case, it's cute like twins."
"By the way, there's breakfast for me too, right? I was surprised to find out this morning. But it seems like the people in the mansion aren't surprised."
"There are enough people in the mansion, so we make a lot of food in advance. It's not a problem even if there's one more person."

Come to think of it, there are many maids and probably a cook too. If we make more food, even if we take out one portion, the decrease per person will be small, so it seems like there won't be any problems.

"Besides, the maids are professionals in that field. They're not surprised by this much and they won't talk about you."

The maids are amazing. Are they really the real deal? Perhaps because I was surprised, Fiiyanamia-sama started to chuckle.

"Yes, yes. I'm lying, of course. They're surprised, but they're raised not to show it on their faces. So they're surprised in the back now. But they shouldn't talk about it. Otherwise, it won't just end with firing them."
"That's reassuring."

I don't think there's anything to worry about being talked about. And if we talk about it in the middle, Fiiyanamia-sama will definitely find out.

Fiiyanamia-sama told us to "eat quickly," so we decided to enjoy the meal that was prepared, with less chatting. 

◇
 ---- ◇ ---- 

As I was wondering what to do after breakfast, Fiiyanamia-sama muttered, "First of all, Ainseru-chan needs clothes." Come to think of it, I was walking around in a negligee. Even though it was all women around, it's embarrassing to remember. And yet, why is Ciel, who is dressed similarly, looking at me and laughing?

"But I can't go out today, can I?" "No, not at all. There's nothing to worry about. Ciel's body shape is exactly the same as yours, isn't it?" "Logically, that would be the case."

Since I'm based on Ciel, my body shape shouldn't change. In fact, I've used it up to this point and there's no major discomfort. If anything, it's just that my hair, which flickers into my field of vision, is black. Ciel's hair was originally blonde, but it's not that big of a deal since it changed to white.

Come to think of it, the circuits are also in my hair... well, never mind. It's not inconvenient. I can also use Ciel's circuits as I please. Ciel can probably use my circuits as he pleases. Since there are simply twice as many circuits, I think the current situation is beyond the norm.

"Yes, yes. I have several prepared, so there's no problem. We need to get Ciel used to wearing proper clothes too." "No way. I'm going to have Ain all to myself today."

I'm secretly worried about Ciel's rejection, but Fiiyanamia-sama doesn't seem to mind at all and instead begins to admonish him mischievously.

"Oh my, is that okay? You can make Ainseru-chan your dress-up doll now, you know?" "What does that mean? Ain looks cute no matter what she wears." "Certainly, certainly. Ainseru-chan is cute. But dressing up will make her even cuter, you know?" "Is that true?"

Fiiyanamia-sama smiled and clapped her hands, and a maid appeared from nowhere - not really, but she appeared normally. She came up behind me and said, "Excuse me," and helped me up.

She draped a light-colored stole she was holding over my shoulders, which was nice because I had been worried about my skin showing through, but what was that for? Also, this stole has a strangely good feel to it. Is this a luxury item? If it feels like this, I might be willing to pay a little more for it. With this texture, it shouldn't hurt Ciel's skin either.

"What do you think?" "I see, I see... Fii's words make sense." "That's right, that's right. So, how about we look for clothes for Ainseru-chan?" "Fine. Fine. But only for half a day?" "I know that. I don't intend to waste Ciel and Ainseru-chan's time." "Then let's hurry. Where should we go?"

I was distracted by the stole, but before I knew it, Ciel and Fiiyanamia-sama had hit it off. I had a feeling this would happen, but Ciel seems more enthusiastic than I thought, and I have a slightly unpleasant feeling about it.

◇
 ---- ◇ ---- 

