As he spoke, he spat out a few mouthfuls of blood. He took a breath and stared into the distance, his eyes tinted with a hint of madness. "You...you will all die here. There are no winners...we are all losers - we will die together here!"

Chu Yi supported the unconscious Chu Yao and suppressed the worry in her heart. She sneered, "Dream on! The demons outside have already been eliminated. These controlled people-"

As soon as she finished speaking, she saw the eyes of the people around her suddenly light up.

Previously controlled by Chang Ren, their eyes were only red, like those of someone who had been awake for three days and nights and was about to die suddenly. But now-

It was a glowing red.

With an absolute thirst for killing and greed.

Chang Ren sneered, "Because I used my power to manipulate these people before, I was able to unleash half of their strength. But if that clothes finds its true owner...hehe."

That clothes?

Chu Yi's pupils slightly contracted. She had been so focused on Chu Yao that she hadn't noticed what this old man was looking at - she looked up and gazed into the distance.

The girl in black withdrew her blood-drenched left hand coldly, and Gu Peijiu fell down like a white dove with broken wings.

White calamity, disheveled black hair, and cold, murderous blood pupils.

Chu Yi's face turned slightly pale. Brother?! No...Xia Ge?!

Why was she here?! How...how did she become like this again? Didn't Su Chan say that it was okay for her to take care of her brother?!

What was going on now?!

"Calamity...it will become stronger!" Chang Ren laughed wildly. "You...you will all die here!!"

Gu Peijiu landed on the ground, and the wound on her chest was almost fatal, but as a step-to-god-level, this kind of injury was really nothing.

She calmly swallowed a pill, and her bleeding was quickly stopped. Then she looked up at Xia Ge in the air, and there was a dampness on her collarbone, which was now also feeling hot.

Xia Ge had lost consciousness and was completely controlled by calamity.

But Gu Peijiu couldn't forget.

The girl was desperate and sad, and her last tear was shed as she pushed her away.
-"Stay away from me...please!!"

After taking the medicine, Gu Peijiu touched her collarbone absentmindedly. It was the tears from her bloodshot eyes that made her fall down, not the wound which didn't hurt her at all.

She had suffered more serious injuries in the past when fighting against the calamity. What really hurt her were her tears and her collapsing soul.

She didn't want to experience that kind of past again, not even once.

Gu Peijiu's eyes became resolute as she picked up her sword. Suddenly, a white shadow flashed before her eyes. The girl's cold bloodshot eyes stared at her, holding a snow-white sickle in her hand.

The calamity had taken control again and had gained a lot of initiative. Apparently, she could even summon weapons from Xia Ge's space!

In an instant, the sickle and the long sword clashed, producing crisp and clear sounds. The two of them were in a stalemate, with the Heavenly Punishment Thread surrounding them like a cage, yet a gentle chain that protected them.

Gu Peijiu looked at the girl's red eyes and called her softly, "Xia Xia."

But the white-clothed Xia Ge remained unmoved.

When the calamity took control, it was a subtle state. Due to Xia Ge's strong and special soul, even the calamity, who was a Heavenly Punishment, couldn't completely occupy her soul. Therefore, when taking over Xia Ge's body, it was always half and half: half the calamity's consciousness, half Xia Ge's subconsciousness.

The calamity's other half of consciousness was used to weave dreams for Xia Ge and to try to devour her main consciousness during this process, in order to gain more power.

In the past, there were times when Xia Ge was completely unaware and the calamity had complete control. But the calamity had found that it would face the suppression and resistance of Xia Ge's two consciousnesses.

Therefore, the current state was the most suitable and beneficial way for the calamity to take over Xia Ge's body, and it wouldn't easily cause confrontation.

Gu Peijiu called out to Xia Ge again in a gentle voice, "Xia Xia."

But the white-clothed Xia Ge remained unmoved, with her red eyes staring at her.
The Tianzhu Ling dispersed slightly, and Gu Peijiu looked as if she was chatting casually, holding her Qinqing sword against the sickle and looking at her.

Her pitch-black pupils softened.

"I remember...one morning, the sun came out early, the clouds cleared, and there were magpies calling in the east...I thought that magpie's call was so beautiful."

"So, it always brings me surprises."

Xia Ge grinned slightly, and the sickle was exerted with force.

But inexplicably, there was no killing intent.

It was easy to block a blade that had lost its killing intent like this.

"I looked to the east, and sure enough, I saw a girl hiding in the tree." Gu Peijiu's voice was warm, but the sword in her hand did not relax at all.

"I don't know what that girl was doing...but she was very cute."

Xia Ge's eyes drifted away for a moment, and the hand holding the sickle loosened slightly.

Gu Peijiu looked at her, her eyes flashing. Sure enough, the Huma consciousness should be dealing with Xia Ge's consciousness now, just like the dream that Huma weaved for Xia Ge last time.

After all, swallowing a little soul can give Huma such a strong ability to control the living soul. If they don't hurry up this time, they're afraid...

Gu Peijiu was anxious at the thought, but her voice remained soft as she said, "When I didn't remember anything, all I could think of was if that girl could like me."

She held the sword in one hand and reached out the other, wanting to touch the fine hair on Xia Ge's forehead.

Xia Ge's eyes turned red again in an instant, and the sickle in her hand tightened as she stared at her, and the surging killing intent burst out again!

Gu Peijiu remained unmoved, but the blood that had just been stopped by the medicine on her chest began to flow again, staining her clothes red.

"But I'm too scared." Gu Peijiu looked at her. "I'm afraid she'll be scared away."

White-clothed Xia Ge was a little confused, and the sickle loosened again.

"It was really hard to endure during those days." She said, "When she smiled at me so sweetly, it was so heartwarming."

It was sweet to the heart.

"But I didn't dare to touch her."
Gu Peijiu reached out and lightly touched the strand of hair that the young girl had raised.

This time, Xia Ge just looked at her, blinked her blood-red eyes, and felt a sense of wildness and confusion like a beast.

"When she was growing her bones, her brows were furrowed - clearly afraid of pain, but not afraid of her bones growing crooked. Even though it hurt, she still had to jump around."

Gu Peijiu heard herself say, "But when she was lying on my back, she was very well-behaved and didn't make a sound."

Thinking of the past, Gu Peijiu's gaze became completely warm.

...It was really...a very beautiful time.

So, she wanted to continue like this, forever and ever, with you.

Xia Ge's hand holding the sickle loosened and tightened, and a look of confusion and pain appeared in her blood-red eyes. "Ugh..."

And in the gap between Gu Peijiu and Xia Ge's standoff, the controlled people around them, with their red eyes and ferocious expressions, rushed towards Chu Yi, the unconscious Chu Yao, and Ye Zechong!

Gu Peijiu touched her head and called out to her again, "Xia Xia."

A very gentle voice.

The Qinqing Sword lit up with a faint light, and the gentle soul power was about to be injected -

Xia Ge's eyes darkened, and the next moment she drew her sickle and turned her body, rushing towards Chu Yi!

Obviously, Hua Ming had sensed that Xia Ge's emotions were not right and urged her to leave Gu Peijiu quickly.

Gu Peijiu's gaze turned cold - she had almost succeeded!

If she had let her guard down even a little, she could have attacked the dream and brought Xia Ge back, just like last time!

Chu Yi was still leaning on Chu Yao, but she quickly reacted when she saw Xia Ge rushing over, and deftly used Chang Ren to block the attack for herself!

"Clang -"

The clash of swords and blades!
Ye Ze stood in front of Chu Yi, the Sky Sword interweaving with the white sickle, holy light shining! Xia Ge gritted her teeth, obviously afraid of being attacked by Gu Peiju in her dreams again, and decided to take control of her consciousness. A suppressed voice burst out from her throat, "Get out!"

Ye Ze didn't budge, firmly pressing down on Xia Ge's sickle. "You can't do this!"

Gu Peiju tried to pass with her sword, but was suddenly grabbed by a maid with red eyes crawling on the ground, her smile ferocious!

Silent in her white clothes, Xia Ge flicked her wrist and actually flicked Ye Ze's sword away! Flicking and turning her wrist, she slashed towards Ye Ze's chest!

If this slash were to hit an ordinary person, it would have been a surefire way to cut them open, but Ye Ze was wearing the Sky Brilliance, incredibly resilient, and was only pushed back by the sickle for a moment.

However, Xia Ge was persistent and pursued her victory!

But the next moment, a dazzling white light showered down from the sky, and in the instant it shone on her, all of her movements seemed to be paused, and her whole body stiffened.

Chu Yi threw the terrified Chang Ren aside and looked up at the sky.

Chang Nian and Chang Lan also looked up at the sky within the barrier.

Ye Ze also raised his head.

The Heavenly Punishment Loom enveloped all the people surrounding Gu Peiju and tied them up like zongzi, even Little Xiangsi was tied up, a child who had come to attend the wedding. Gu Peiju stood still, looking up at the white light, her pupils slightly contracting, somewhat absent-minded, "What is this..."

"What's wrong with me..."

"What am I doing..."

Under the warm white light, the red light in the eyes of the people who had been "soul sacrificed" slowly faded away, and they looked around in confusion at the mess, "What happened... what's going on?"

Xia Ge slowly raised her head, her eyes still blood-red.

Under the warm holy light, people saw a girl who had broken through the Wind City barrier set up by Chang Ren, slowly descending from the white light.

Someone exclaimed, "It's that little demon girl who released the evil spirits!!"

"...No, no, the one below is!"

"Why are there two identical people?!"

In the eyes of the people, there were two identical Xia Ges, one holding a sickle, and the other bathed in holy light, descending from the sky.
Gu Peijiu's eyes darkened.

In everyone's eyes, that person was the same as the "Xia Ge" in Evil Spirit Mountain.

The one who had the Eight Wilderness Flute tied around her waist and released the evil spirits... Xia Ge.

But in the eyes of Gu Peijiu, Xia Ge, Chu Yi, and Ye Ze, that person was Su Chan.

The red-clothed girl was still charming and beautiful, even more so than before, but her silver hair was fluttering, and her pair of pitch-black eyes had turned into a pure transparent color, like crystal.

She floated down like this and finally landed in front of the white-clothed Xia Ge.

Xia Ge's pupils were blood-red, looking at her without any movement.

The calamity was obviously afraid of the white light and directly hid in the depths of the soul. The one controlling Xia Ge now was only Xia Ge's subconscious.

Su Chan raised the corners of her lips, her transparent eyes showing a delicate tenderness. She lowered her head gently, and her forehead touched Xia Ge's.

In an instant-

"Clang!"

The sound of a sickle falling to the ground.

Xia Ge looked at her, his blood-red pupils empty.

"I came to save you."
