Upon seeing Gu Peiju biting into an apple, Xia Ge felt like she had hit the jackpot. She agilely climbed down from the tree and ran over to her, calling out, "Senior Sister, Senior Sister."

Gu Peiju looked down at her.

The little girl's eyes were bright and shining, filled with the soft light of dawn.

Gu Peiju paused, her hand holding the apple still, and asked calmly, "What is it?"

Xia Ge asked eagerly, "Senior Sister, is the apple tasty?"

Gu Peiju hesitated for a moment and replied, "Hmm."

Xia Ge rubbed her hands together and asked, "Um, what about that...?"

Gu Peiju asked, "What?"

Xia Ge's gaze drifted away as she said, "Um, that thing."

Gu Peiju looked at her.

Xia Ge plucked up her courage and said, "Senior Sister, what will be on the midterm exam?"

Gu Peiju asked, "Do you want to know?"

Xia Ge nodded eagerly, her eyes full of eagerness.

It was not easy for her to get up early in the morning and pick apples. She had to avoid a group of disciples from the Beast Peak and snatch apples from a group of wild monkeys. If it weren't for her impressive stealth skills, she would have been pelted with rocks by the monkeys.

She had worked so hard, so it wouldn't hurt to get a sneak peek at the exam questions.

"The midterm exam," Gu Peiju said slowly, "will be on alchemy."

Xia Ge asked, "What kind of alchemy?"

Gu Peiju replied, "Just alchemy."

Xia Ge said, "..."
"Of course, I will be tested on alchemy! What kind of pills do you want me to make? Are they going to test fortune-telling instead of alchemy at Dan Peak? Suffocating!

Ignoring the little girl's expression of speechlessness, Gu Peijiu looked at the sun, calculated the time, and said, "You should go to morning class now."

Xia Ge looked dejected. "Senior sister, I don't want to go to morning class."

Gu Peijiu smiled. "Oh? Then what do you want to do?"

Xia Ge hesitated. She wanted to go get her fortune told.

Morning class.

Xia Ge lay on her book, feeling world-weary.

Huo Bai had bandages wrapped around his head and came to class, looking very comical.

Mao Qing didn't understand Xia Ge's pain. "Why did you take so long to buy coconut cake yesterday?"

Xia Ge's mind was elsewhere. "It was sold out. I felt bad, so I went back to sleep."

Mao Qing: "..."

Mao Qing asked, "What happened to Huo Bai's head?"

Xia Ge thought of the little apple she snatched from the monkey and was still a little absent-minded. "Maybe he hit the bed while visiting the brothel."

Mao Qing's face was full of disbelief. "Did you go with him?"

Xia Ge replied, "How could I, a person of integrity, go to such a place!"

System: "People of integrity do not try to use the back door." The translation failed.

Xia Ge: "..." Shut up.

Mao Qing had an expression of speechlessness. "I don't know if he hit the top, but your state today is like you hit the top for real."

Xia Ge: "..."

Mao Qing decided to change the subject. "Have you heard about the giant bat incident yesterday?"

Xia Ge: "Yes, I heard about it."
Not only did she hear about it, but it seems like she also shot the person who started it all with one arrow.

Xia Ge remembered the feeling of the moment, her heart beating slightly faster. She closed her eyes and pushed down the sudden feeling of nausea.

"I heard that those giant bats might be from the Bai Meng Cave," Mao Qing said mysteriously. "Do you know about the Bai Meng Cave?"

"What is it?" Xia Ge asked.

"It's the Bai Meng Cave," Mao Qing said.

Xia Ge felt like she had heard of it somewhere before.

... Maybe it was mentioned in a book or something, but she brushed past it and couldn't quite remember after all these years.

Seeing Xia Ge's confusion, Mao Qing thought for a moment. "Do you know about the ancient gods?"

"I've heard of them," Xia Ge said.

Legend has it that there were ancient gods who ruled over the human world.

But even in modern times, there are still legends about the ancient gods like Nuwa and Fuxi, but they may not actually exist. So Xia Ge always thought of these gods as folklore and didn't pay them much attention.

"There is a legend of the Dream God who ruled over all dreams and time in ancient times. The Bai Meng Cave is said to be her residence," Mao Qing said.

"Later, during the Twilight of the Gods, when all the gods fell, the Bai Meng Cave became a desolate wasteland." Mao Qing continued, "But because it was once the residence of the gods, some people say that there may be ancient relics containing the souls of the gods, or that there may be a time-reversing artifact that the Dream God used. Others say that it has been taken over by monsters and whoever goes in won't come out alive."

Xia Ge found it a bit boring to listen to.

In simple terms, if there was anything there, it was just a high-level dungeon set up by the author for the male lead.

"At one point, many people were eager to explore the Bai Meng Cave," Mao Qing said with great interest. "At first, it was just a complex and inaccessible secret place, and many people wanted to go in but couldn't. But then... this secret place started to have problems."

"The Bai Meng Cave can appear at any possible location, at any time, and it's unpredictable."

"This was originally one of its features... but I don't know when it started, the Bai Meng Cave changed."

When the Bai Meng Cave appears, a vortex will appear, and countless mutated monsters, relics, and even plagues will emerge from the vortex, causing chaos in the human world.

"So, what you're saying is that these giant bats came out of the Bai Meng Cave?" Xia Ge asked with interest.

Mao Qing nodded solemnly.
Xia Ge: "It's unlikely, right? Yesterday, I heard that Jianfeng seemed to have caught someone controlling the giant bats?"

"Isn't someone controlling them?" 

Mao Qing analyzed confidently, "But there were so many giant bats, appearing out of nowhere. With such a large scale, there would definitely be huge fluctuations in spiritual energy if they were teleported. It's impossible for them to be discovered only after they appeared."

Xia Ge thought carefully and realized that Mao Qing was right. Despite the large scale, she only felt a slight abnormality yesterday, and it even appeared unexpectedly.

Xia Ge asked, "Do you have any evidence that this is the work of Bai Mengxue?"

Mao Qing replied, "No, I just think it's very similar, and everyone else is saying the same thing."

Xia Ge thought to herself, "So it's just speculation."

Mao Qing continued excitedly, "If Bai Mengxue really appears, would you go in and take a look?"

Xia Ge's expression was subtle, "Isn't it good to be alive?"

Mao Qing was speechless and silently put away her book. "Why don't you have any sense of adventure?"

Xia Ge asked, "Would you go?"

Bai Mengxue brought plague and disaster. It's obviously not a good place to go, and only someone with a turbulent mind like Mao Qing would want to go.

Mao Qing smiled, "If it were me, I would probably go."

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Do you have a turbulent mind like the ocean?" 

After a moment of contemplation, Xia Ge said tactfully, "You do have a lot of adventurous spirit."

Mao Qing shook her head, "It's not about being adventurous or not. I just have an idea."

"Dream God controls time. If we can go to Bai Mengxue, maybe...there's a chance to reverse time and go to the Danfeng Library before it was burned down."

Xia Ge widened her eyes, "Is that even possible?"

Mao Qing said, "It's just a speculation. Bai Mengxue might not even be able to reverse time."

Xia Ge said, "But it's very interesting."
Mao Qing lowered her head and looked at the book in her hand. "But if we could go back in time and change everything... Dan Feng wouldn't be like this now, right?"

Once such a magnificent Dan Feng, destroyed by a fire.

How unwilling.

= =

Jian Feng.

Chang Lan was reviewing documents.

"Senior Brother..."

A disciple in blue approached, hesitating.

"What's the matter? Speak up." Chang Lan looked at the contents of the document in his hand, his brow furrowed tightly. The village of Kuzhu in the southeast was experiencing a wave of evil spirits?

"That thing from yesterday..." The disciple was hesitant, and Chang Lan looked up at him. "What's wrong? Just say it."

"The corpse that was shot dead by Lord Chu with an arrow yesterday... is gone today."

Chang Lan was surprised. "What?"

The corpse had already been arranged in a coffin, and when they moved the coffin today, they found that the weight was off. When they opened it, the corpse was gone.

Chang Lan went to the place where the coffin was being sealed and looked at it. His brow furrowed tightly. "Call Bai Li Qing over."

The place where the coffin was placed was a well-ventilated mortuary, rarely visited and guarded by a strict ground-level alert formation. Unless the person stealing the corpse had extraordinary abilities, it would be impossible to move the body without making any noise.

After Bai Li Qing arrived, the two of them looked at the empty coffin. Chang Lan said, "What does Brother Bai think?"

Beast Peak was very good at tracking spiritual energy, which was why Chang Lan had asked Bai Li Qing to come over.

Bai Li Qing was still dressed in his beast clothes. He raised his hand slightly, and the little red phoenix on his shoulder chirped twice, flapping its wings and circling around the mortuary before returning to Bai Li Qing's shoulder.

"Bai Li Qing said that there's no abnormal human energy, only the breath of those disciples, and the spiritual energy fluctuations are also normal."

"Check those disciples, maybe there's a spy among them who stole the body."

Chang Lan shook his head. "I've already asked, and nothing suspicious was found."
Because the corpse was eerie and terrifying, the few disciples guarding it were afraid and had been together all the time, not even separating to relieve themselves.

There was nothing suspicious, but Baili Qing furrowed his brows. "If no one is lying, how could the corpse disappear into thin air?"

Chang Lan said, "It's hard to say."

Baili Qing looked at the empty coffin and fell into thought. Yesterday, when he saw the corpse, it was indeed as if too many giant bats had been summoned, and the flesh and blood were sucked dry by the bats. Moreover, the last arrow hit the forehead, and it was definitely fatal, with no chance to catch a breath.

Just as Baili Qing was thinking, Chiluan suddenly flew up, chirping twice, flapping its wings and flying into the coffin. Its crimson beak picked up a small piece of fabric from the corner of the coffin, and Baili Qing reached out to let it fall into his palm. Chiluan lightly placed the small piece of fabric on Baili Qing's palm and then flapped its wings, landing on Baili Qing's shoulder.

Chang Lan frowned. "What is this?"

Baili Qing waved his hand slightly, and his spiritual energy moved slightly. The fabric floated in mid-air. It was a piece of fabric the size of a fingernail, soaked in dry blood, and the original color was no longer visible. There was no other spiritual energy fluctuation except for the smell of dried blood. Because it was hidden in the dark corner of the coffin, no one noticed it.

Baili Qing observed the fabric and fell into thought.

Chang Lan said, "Is this the clothing from the corpse? But..."

Yesterday when he saw the corpse, except for the head that was shot through with an arrow, there were no other injuries on the body. So where did this blood-stained fabric come from?

"Let's keep it for now," Baili Qing said. "We still need to strengthen the alert formation."

"That's natural," Chang Lan rubbed his temples. "But this matter is a bit bizarre."

Baili Qing shook his head. "The sect leader is still in seclusion, and the one in the mountain prison needs to be watched closely. I feel that this matter has something to do with the demonic cult."

"This can be assured," Chang Lan paused. "But what's been bothering me lately is another matter..."

"What is it?" Baili Qing asked.

Chang Lan raised his head and said word by word, "Evil ghost tide."

"Evil ghost tide? It's started again?" Baili Qing's pupils contracted slightly.

Chang Lan had a headache. "Once the evil ghost tide starts, it will last for a long time. I just don't know how long it has been this time."

"What about the Chi family?" Baili Qing asked.

"Chi has already sent people to guard the village, and we also need to send some disciples over," Chang Lan said. "If we are careful, it can be a good trial."
Bai Liqing asked, "What's your plan?"

"Jianfeng is the strongest in terms of combat power, so it will be the first target. As for Shoufeng, it's up to you whether to go personally or send disciples. As for Danfeng..." Chang Lan hesitated for a moment. "For Danfeng, let's ask for Junior Sister's opinion at the council tonight."

"What do you think she will do?" Bai Liqing asked.

Chang Lan smiled bitterly. "How would I know, but considering the current situation of Danfeng..."

He stopped talking, but Bai Liqing understood Chang Lan's thoughts.

Although Danfeng had recruited more disciples than in previous years, the number of those who had opened their spiritual channels was few and far between. Those who could be considered combat power were even fewer. Taking a group of disciples who could only refine pills but not fight onto the battlefield against fierce demons, even with someone in charge, was almost a death sentence.

"It's not necessarily the case," Bai Liqing said. "Danfeng is not only good at refining pills, but also skilled in talisman formations."

"I'll be honest. Other than Senior Sister Gu, I haven't seen anyone in Danfeng who can produce decent talisman formations," Chang Lan said.

Bai Liqing remained silent.

Bai Liqing coughed as if nothing had happened. "Let's ask for Junior Sister's opinion tonight. After all, it's up to her to make the final decision regarding Danfeng."
