"They discovered the drawbacks of resurrection puppetry, so they don't engage in such activities anymore," Su Chan smiled and calmly assessed her. "Of course, there may be a few who try to take shortcuts..."

"So, after you come out of seclusion, you won't go back?" This question left Xia Wushuang speechless.

She had already reached the Heavenly level, but she had not fulfilled her original agreement with Invincible Puppet. In any case, the task could not be completed, so she decided to split her soul and become a town spirit.

Speaking of her initial agreement with Invincible Puppet, it was very simple.

To become the first Heavenly level puppet master on the Wind and Moon Continent with an otherworldly soul, and then use the power of the strongest puppet to break open the door of the world and bring Invincible Puppet back to its original, higher-level plane.

Invincible Puppet would provide her with all the possible help she needed, and its requirements... or rather, tasks, were also simple.

One, become a Heavenly level puppet master.

Two, maintain an absolutely intact high-dimensional soul.

Three, possess Heavenly level puppets that trust each other absolutely.

Four, once the contract is established, it cannot be abandoned. The party that abandons it will pay the price of losing their soul and spirit.

However, this agreement... was already impossible from the moment she decided to give up on Ajiu.

According to the system, she had already died before coming to this world many years ago.

But the system believed that she had the potential to become a puppet master, so it brought her hazy soul to a lower-level plane, and exchanged it for the price of "bringing this person's soul to an even lower plane," which resulted in her modern-day body being in a vegetative state.

The Wind and Moon Continent was just a world in a book, equivalent to a one-dimensional plane, not even counting as a two-dimensional plane. Xia Ge, who lived in the three-dimensional plane, suddenly found herself downgraded by two dimensions...

In other words, as someone who had already been hit and killed by a car, her body was resurrected as a vegetative person as the price of being forcibly brought by the system to a lower-level plane than the present world.

If she completed the system's task, she could bring her soul or body with the puppets and the system to a higher-level plane to show off occasionally. She could even casually return to the modern world to stroll around and see her younger brother dating, and her life would be extremely comfortable.

But if she failed or died... there was no lower zero-dimensional plane for her to exchange with, and she would pay the price of losing her soul and spirit.

And when she first came to this world, as someone who had "died once," her soul and consciousness were also blurry, so she even lost her original memories.

Later, when her memories awakened, in order to achieve the system's goals, she only knew that she had to study puppetry well, which allowed her to develop many strange and unique things that the system recorded.

Su Chan asked her if she would still go back.
Xia Wushuang snapped out of her thoughts, unsure of how to answer the question.

...Will she go back?

Go back to where?

Xia Wushuang looked back at the towering mountains of the Evil Spirit Mountain behind her, her black eyes slightly empty. "...Probably."

When the soul is gone, the dust returns to dust and the earth returns to earth. That should also be considered "going back."

The Lost Deer followed her out, seeming to sense her emotions, and gently rubbed against her hand.

The little one was left behind on the Evil Spirit Mountain. The newly spawned clothing demon was nothing like it, with a bad temper. If it wasn't given anything, it could lift mountains. It even had the ability to suppress souls, but it was no match for Xia Wushuang's soul.

Xia Wushuang muttered to herself.

Su Chan looked at her. "What do you mean by 'probably'?"

Xia Wushuang said, "I don't know if I can come back."

Su Chan's expression changed slightly. "Where do you want to go?"

Xia Wushuang said, "I should go to where I belong."

The fist under Hongxiu's sleeve tightened slightly, and Su Chan said, "You can't go."

Xia Wushuang looked at her. "...Achan."

Su Chan looked into Xia Wushuang's eyes.

Those were very black eyes.

But they weren't as sharp as stones. They could see everything, yet seemed to see nothing. They were hazy, yet gentle black eyes.

She was calling her name.

Just like a long, long time ago, when she had just broken free from the shackles of the heavens and couldn't even speak human language, but she loved to hold onto this girl's clothes and follow behind her barefoot.

As long as she was by her side, she wouldn't feel sad no matter what.

This black-eyed girl once picked a handful of purple perilla and smiled as she said to her, "Which family's little girl are you? You're really clingy - how about I call you Achan?"
"..."

She looked at her with a pitiful expression, not saying anything.

When she first came down, she was mentally deficient and acted solely on her emotions. She was incredibly naive, but for some reason, she was afraid that this girl would dislike her. She didn't understand what it meant to be clingy or not, she just wanted to be with this person.

But looking back now, at that time, this girl's eyes were always filled with smiles.

Seeing her feeling wronged, she squatted down and hugged her, softly saying, "If you're clingy, then be clingy. I can't help it, I just like clingy little girls like you."

"I already said that, don't cry."

"..."

And now... it seemed like this person was going to leave.

After all the bad things she had done, was she finally going to leave?

For the first time, Su Chan felt a bit panicked, but she tried to stay calm and said, "I... I've waited for you for so many years. If you leave... I'll still keep waiting..."

As she spoke, she didn't know what else to say, and her eyes started to turn slightly red. "...I've said it before... I'm not a good person. If you make me keep waiting like this, I can't guarantee what will happen. I'll become worse and worse."

"I'll do anything."

"I..."

Her sleeve was gently tugged, and her hand was warm.

Xia Wushuang lowered her head and lightly kissed the back of her hand.

This was the highest etiquette that believers in the Fengyue Continent showed to their gods.

A loyal believer, a sorrowful god.

In an instant, their hearts connected.

Su Chan was stunned.

Xia Wushuang raised her eyes, a hazy and gentle black.
"I don't think you will."

"You are not that bad."

Su Chantong's pupils slightly shrank, "Do you know what I have done..."

"You said you have done many bad things that I don't know."

Xia Wushuang raised her head, her forehead gently pressed against hers, soft hair interweaving together, a kind of delicate tenderness.

"Let's start from a long time ago, or from the moment I met you."

"From that time on, no matter what you did, I forgave you." Xia Wushuang whispered, "So let go of your obsession and become the person you truly want to be..."

"Don't be blinded by surface desires, Achang."

"I know."

The temperature on their foreheads was just right. Xia Wushuang held her hand, their fingers intertwined. She whispered, "You don't really want this."

"From the moment you left Yundu, you were blinded by hatred, but you didn't know who you should hate."

"You always say you are doing bad things... You know it is wrong, but you still do it."

"You don't like Ajui, you hate the people you once loved, you say you have done all the bad things, and you say your heart is troubled..." Xia Wushuang looked into her eyes, which were clearly as hazy as a fog, but seemed to be able to see into her heart. "Achang, tell me, is this really what you think in your heart?"

"You..." Su Chantong murmured, "Wushuang... you..."

Whether she really thought this way was not important.

What was important was that you said it like this.

What was she supposed to do?

"Achang, no matter what kind of demon you have in your heart, there will always be a day when you can let it go." Xia Wushuang placed the bone flute in her hand, "Go and do what you want to do - do whatever you want..."

The bone flute was warm and gentle, with a thin red ribbon tied into a knot at the end, swaying in the wind, which surprisingly matched the Blood-stained Spring and Autumn.

Su Chantong recognized at a glance that this was Xia Wushuang's work.

When Xia Wushuang was bored in the past, she liked to make these small knots to play with, but of course, she had not done these things since she became a general.
Su Chan said numbly, "You wouldn't want that."

If you knew what she had done.

Xia Wushuang said, "Only by following your own thoughts for a while, can you know that what you get is not what you really want."

"Still the same - no matter what you do, I will forgive you."

"Then, you will understand." Xia Wushuang said, "You will understand what you really want."

Su Chan looked at her and said, "I don't want to understand."

"I just want to be confused with you for the rest of my life."

The mountain wind was very quiet, blowing the red silk at the end of Su Chan's bone flute, she stared at her, "After this life, I will go find you, wait for you to grow up in the next life, grow old with you, and then in the next life... like this, forever."

Anyway, she was an immortal god.

She only liked this person.

Xia Wushuang thought, forever, no matter who it was on, it was really beautiful.

But looking at Su Chan's gaze, she slowly and firmly shook her head.

After all, she, who had chosen to give up, had no next life.

Oh, no, she had no life in this life either.

There was no need to drag another girl.

Maybe she couldn't be a good human being, but if she figured it out.

She would definitely be the best god in the world.

She had been waiting for that day, although, it seemed, she couldn't wait anymore.

Su Chan looked at her gaze and understood her meaning.

The bone flute in her hand became a little cold.

She finally calmed down.
"It looks like it," she said.

"Where are you going?" she asked.

"If possible... I want to go back to Lingxi Peak and take a look," he replied.

Xia Wushuang smiled and deftly avoided her question. "What about my disciples? I wonder how they've been doing all these years."

"...You know I wasn't asking about that," Su Chan said after a pause. "They've all left. Now Dan Peak is the strongest, followed by Sword Peak and Beast Peak."

"Dan Peak?" Xia Wushuang looked confused.

"Some people used to think you were promoting evil arts and wanted to demolish the Lingxi Main Peak where you were. Later, someone stopped them and changed it to Dan Peak for alchemy," Su Chan explained.

The person who stopped them was King Chu.
