The blood-red eyes glanced mercilessly at Chu Shi, and the next moment, the cold claws reached for Chu Shi's neck!

However, the two swordsmen were in an awkward position, one standing right in front of Chu Shi. Seeing Xia Wushuang reach out her claws, she thought she was trying to kill her and quickly drew her sword and slashed towards Xia Wushuang's neck. But her sword was caught, and with a slight force, the steel sword turned into a fragile noodle that broke with a snap - just like the next moment when the swordsman's neck snapped.

The other one was stunned seeing their leader die so suddenly, but they came with the spirit of breaking the net and dying like fish. Their hatred for the Chu Dynasty made them turn into suicide bombers - a bright firework burst into the sky.

The next moment, the men loyal to the Zhou Dynasty who had already surrounded the palace rushed in, shouting and killing!

They didn't need a leader.

Their goal was to kill the people of the Chu Dynasty who had driven them to live on a deserted island overseas for so many years while enjoying themselves on the mainland!

Chu Shi was their primary target, but Xia Wushuang stood in front of Chu Shi and killed their leader. The soldiers who rushed in saw Xia Wushuang as their target, and Chu Shi suddenly came back to her senses and shouted, "Protect General Xia!"

But before she could finish, the white-clad girl had already plunged into the surging tide of soldiers like a bloodthirsty shark, terrifying and beautiful as she single-handedly fought off thousands of soldiers.

Chu Shi shouted at Xia Wushuang, "Wushuang, come back!"

But she didn't listen.

Chu Shi became anxious and threw her imperial crown to rush towards Xia Wushuang. Chu Huaiwang stepped forward and held her back, saying, "Your Majesty, you cannot take risks!"

At this moment, the chaotic soldiers rushed forward, and a sword slashed towards Chu Shi. The young emperor's eyes turned cold, and he drew his long sword from his waist, cutting the soldier in half with one strike.

"Get out of here!"

The guards surrounded Chu Shi, and Chu Huaiwang held onto her sleeve tightly, saying, "Your Majesty, you must not take risks!"

When Chu Shi came back to her senses and wanted to find Xia Wushuang, she couldn't find her in the surging crowd.

All that remained was the pungent smell of blood from the bloody battle between the Imperial Guards and the rebels.

Chu Shi murmured, "She came after all...she..."

"...is that General Xia?" someone asked.

"No wonder she is General Xia, as brave and skilled as rumored," another replied.
"Is it just...too bloodthirsty?"

Apart from killing, there was nothing else she could feel.

As commanded by Chu Shi to protect Xia Wushuang, the person was blocked by the chaotic army. Meanwhile, Xia Wushuang, who had infiltrated the rebel army, was truly bloodthirsty, with excitement boiling in her blood as she killed without mercy.

Kill, kill, kill...

Blood-red flowers bloomed everywhere.

The rebel army had already occupied the entire Chang'an, and the people of Chang'an dared not leave their homes. The nearby villages were also affected. Outside the palace gates, two blue deer were restless, tugging hard at the reins tied to the tree. Xia Wushuang simply tied them up without making it too tight. They could easily break free with a struggle.

This battle lasted from morning until dusk.

When the yellowish sunset shone brilliantly, it made people feel sad.

The brave and skilled general Xia had already gone to an unknown place.

When Gu Peijiu arrived in Chang'an, it was already dark, and fine snowflakes were falling, covering her black cloak. Looking around, all she could see was blood everywhere.

On the streets of Chang'an, people wearing green armor and clothes had simple and hideous deaths, slowly being covered by the fine snow. The people of Chang'an hid in their homes and dared not come out. Gu Peijiu remained calm, stepping on corpses and blood as she walked out of the city. After leaving Chang'an, she followed the bloodstains and arrived at a nearby village.

The villagers died horribly, but looking at their wounds, they were all killed by swords. The blood had already dried up.

Bloodstains were everywhere, and broken swords were stuck in the bodies of the green-armored rebels who looked terrifying in death. Although their faces were frightening, it could be seen that they were killed by a claw that sealed their throats.

A white-clad girl stood at the entrance of the village, her snow-white clothes covered in bloody red. Under her feet, a green-armored rebel shook a few times before rolling his eyes and dying completely.

Sensing the movement behind her, Xia Wushuang casually turned her head to take a look.

Gu Peijiu stopped in her tracks, her black eyes filled with moonlight, gentle and silent.

In the next moment!

The girl's sharp claws had already grabbed her neck, blood-red pupils showing no emotion, and her aura was radiating everywhere. However, for Gu Peijiu, it was harmless.

Gu Peijiu gently hugged Xia Wushuang's shoulders, lowered her head, and kissed her forehead.

Corpses were everywhere, and blood covered everything.

The snowflakes fell and in an instant, it was as if the world had turned white.
Xia Wushuang seemed to have sensed something. The hand that was choking her neck trembled slightly, and her blood-red pupils enlarged and contracted as if struggling with something.

Hot tears slowly fell from the corner of her eyes.

"A great sin."

"I will atone for you."

Gu Peiju's kiss slowly moved from her forehead to the corner of her eye, kissing away her tears, his voice hoarse yet gentle.

"Don't cry..."

Her hand slowly placed on the back of Xia Wushuang's head, and the enchanting spiritual power slowly flowed in. "Just have a dream... everything will be fine."

"...Everything will be fine."

She looked up, and not far away, Su Chanyuan in red was watching her from afar, his gaze deep and shallow.

= =

Xia Wushuang walked for a long time with a flute in her hand.

The sky was filled with snow, and she didn't know where she should go.

She couldn't figure out what had happened to her.

Just moments ago, she was still in the palace, and the rebels rushed in to kill King Chu. She wanted to stop them, but then Gu Peiju appeared and took her away. In front of her, he used the Asking Love Sword to kill all the villagers in the village.

She struggled, incredulous, but it was of no use.

She asked him why.

Gu Peiju said, "I want to kill, so I killed."

...

She didn't walk far.

Two deer found her and rushed over joyfully. As she walked, she suddenly fell to the ground in the snow, and the white bone in her hand fell several meters away and deeply sank into the snow, bone-white and chilling.

She had no strength left in her body.
...It seemed like she was about to die.

The two deer anxiously circled around her, and the fawn licked her cheek with its tongue, trying to revive her. The warm tongue felt almost scorching against the cold snow.

"I still have so many things to do..." murmured Xia Wushuang. "I..."

...I want to give up.

I don't want to do anything anymore.

That person who promised to always be there behind her...

Suddenly disappeared.

The low hum in her ear made her shiver.

"Do you still believe in me?"

She had no strength left.

She couldn't stand up.

...Let it end like this.

In the midst of the white snow...

A sudden splash of crimson appeared.

The girl picked up the white bone that was buried deep in the snow, shook off the remaining snow, and slowly walked to Xia Wushuang's side, squatting down to look at her.

Xia Wushuang didn't even have the strength to open her eyes, her vision blurred with red.

"Without her, you're willing to give up everything like this," Su Chan's voice was shallow. "It makes me feel so helpless."

"..."

She picked up the person, seeming to be this close to her for the first time, and her voice sounded a little unnatural.

"...I like you no matter what you look like."

"Joking, fooling around, killing, being indifferent, being serious."
Two deer followed behind Su Chan, as she held the unconscious Xia Wushuang in her arms. "As long as it's you," she said.

"I don't understand what that wooden man meant... I think you are you," she continued.

Their footprints slowly disappeared under the thin layer of snow.

"But you are so... sad," Su Chan added.

...

I love you in a thousand and one ways, even if you are as sad as this.

"I don't like it," Xia Wushuang responded.

= =

"I heard that General Xia, who was guarding the Chu King, was the bravest of all soldiers and died in the rebellion of the previous dynasty..."

"General Xia? The Xia Wushuang from Lingxi Peak? Wasn't she imprisoned by her puppets?" Xia Wushuang asked.

"Why would I lie to you... When his majesty ascended to the throne, rebel troops attacked. A woman in white saved his majesty from the hands of the rebels, single-handedly killing them all. She was so heroic!" the other person replied.

"The rebel troops were not good people either. Villages near Chang'an were all slaughtered. Those damn dogs wanted to create the illusion of a demon tide attack. The ground was covered with corpses. Who knows if it's true or not, but those rebels deserved to die!" Xia Wushuang retorted.

"I heard that all those rebels died too... not a single one survived," the other person said.

"Good riddance! It's all thanks to that woman in white for bringing justice!" Xia Wushuang exclaimed.

"But I heard that Xia Wushuang never personally participated in the battles... maybe his majesty was just confused and called out the wrong name..." the other person said.

...

Rumors were spreading among the people.

"General in white..." Xia Wushuang didn't answer, but muttered to herself, "...is it Ajiu?"

For a moment, she remembered the villagers' cries and the ruthless face of the white puppet.

She hugged her head tightly, her face showing a hint of pain. "It's not her."
"It's you."

Su Chan moved her lips but couldn't say anything.

All the people Xia Wushuang killed that day were rebels.

However, to intimidate others, the rebels had killed all the villagers near Chang'an and made it look like the work of evil spirits. They hadn't had time to clean up the bodies when Xia Wushuang caught them off guard and killed them all without mercy.

But Gu Peijiu didn't know this.

She thought Xia Wushuang had killed everyone who was out of control.

So she used illusions on Xia Wushuang and shifted all the blame onto her.

...

After settling Xia Wushuang, Su Chan found Gu Peijiu.

She was still standing there, calm but lonely.

"Don't you regret it?" Su Chan asked her.

"No," Gu Peijiu replied.

"You're really stupid," Su Chan mocked her.

Gu Peijiu slowly opened her hand, and a small leaf drifted away with the snowflakes. Her voice was slow, "...I vowed to always be by her side, whether she's there or not."

"...I just think you're stupid," Su Chan said. 

With that, the girl in red turned and left. "Xia Wushuang didn't kill innocent people. Everything you've done is in vain, and your love that led you to this point is so foolish that it leaves me speechless."

Gu Peijiu's voice was shallow, "...So, I'll leave it to you for now."

Su Chan's footsteps paused slightly.

She turned her head.

The white puppet looked at her with emotionless black eyes.

After a while, she casually said, "Well, it doesn't matter. After all, you have nowhere else to go."
Xia Wushuang, I no longer trust you.

As you sow, so shall you reap.

It must be fate playing tricks on us.

After taking two more steps, Su Chan heard herself say, "I won't let her become like that again."

"I will...hold onto her tightly."

She kept walking forward without looking back.
