The thunder calamity dissipated, and the red silk dyed with golden light covered the horizon like flowing fire.

Fine red threads still wrapped around the tombstone, and the blood-stained white clothes fluttered in the breeze. The scar on the young girl's wrist slowly disappeared. She bent down slightly and lightly kissed the tombstone entwined with blood threads.

So gentle.

Also so sad.

The young girl was in front of her, very close, as if within reach.

Xia Ge wanted to reach out and make the girl turn around, but when she raised her hand, she found that it was already covered with fine red threads, which had also spread all over her body unnoticed. The threads connected with the few red threads entwined on the tombstone. The girl in the blood-stained white clothes stood up, and there were also red threads on her fingertips.

It was like an unbreakable and chaotic karmic bond.

Xia Ge widened her eyes, looked at her hands, and then at the girl. She subconsciously reached out her hand and said, "Hey- your threads are tangled!"

"Hey hey, what are you staring at! Hurry up and think of a name!" The system urged her.

Xia Ge recalled the scene she had just seen and looked at the red threads. She whispered, "Is that your past?"

Of course, the red threads could not answer her.

But Xia Ge knew it was.

The white clothes were stained with blood, the red silk covered the sky, and the blood threads wrapped around the tombstone.

In some unknown years, a white-clothed girl had gone through nine thunder calamities, unwilling to ascend, and stayed in front of a bare tombstone, twisting a never-ending red thread with her own blood.

The girl's soft voice seemed to still echo in Xia Ge's ears.

All of this was what it wanted her to see.

And by showing her all of this, it was actually asking for the name it wanted.

"Love." Xia Ge whispered, "So, let's call you Love."

-This thing, is most about love.
A golden light appeared on the red ribbon, and in the next moment, Xia Ge was lifted up by the ribbon!

Xia Ge: "Return to Dan Peak!"

However, the suddenly soaring red ribbon was too eye-catching. Chu Yi suddenly realized that something was wrong and turned his head, "Who is it!"

Xia Ge was shocked, "Oh no!"

The small paper person wrapped in the red ribbon couldn't see clearly, but the dirty red ribbon that suddenly shot up was a target. Chu Yi's eyes turned cold, and with a wave of his sleeve, countless silver butterflies flew out from it, chasing after the red ribbon!

"Yi Mei! Catch it!"

"When did Yi Mei come? Was it just now..."

"Quick, chase it!"

The silver butterflies surged up, and Xiangsi stretched out and tied up Xia Ge, turning the ribbon into a beautiful butterfly knot. At first glance, it looked like a red butterfly flying.

Xia Ge: "..." Why did you tie a butterfly knot? Even if you tie a butterfly knot, it's not a butterfly!

The silver butterflies chased after Xia Ge, and Chu Yao heard the commotion and came over with a frown, "What's going on?"

Chu Yi smiled slightly, "I saw a little mouse and wanted to catch it for my sister."

Chu Yao sneered, "I can't believe you can be so kind."

Chu Yi's smile didn't change, "Then my sister will misunderstand me."

The guards basically went to catch Yi Mei, and Ye Ze wanted to go too, but was suddenly stopped by Chu Yi, "Hey, wait a minute."

Ye Ze was slightly startled, stopped and looked at Chu Yi. Chu Yi smiled lightly, "It went towards Dan Peak."

Ye Ze: "...Oh." He already knew.

Chu Yi: "My butterfly also flew over there."

Ye Ze: "Uh, I'll go first..."

Chu Yi: "Let's go together."

Ye Ze: "..."
Chu Yi: "My butterfly knows where the little clothes demon is."

Ye Ze: "..."

Chu Yao watched the whole process and frowned, "What are you up to again?"

Chu Yi: "..."

Xia Ge didn't know what Chu Yi was up to, but she knew that these silver butterflies of Chu Yi were too damn scary!

Oh, not butterflies, but moths.

They chased and surrounded them all the way, countless silver moths covered the sky and the earth. They didn't have a physical form, but once they touched something, they would condense the surrounding spiritual energy and quickly materialize. The materialized moth wings were extremely sharp. Xiangsi led her to the woods, and those silver moths followed one after another. The difference was that Xiangsi and Xia Ge were dodging in the tangled branches, but the silver moths were simple and rude. After sweeping past those trees, they were basically bare, with no grass growing, leaving behind a wide bald road, even more terrifying than locusts.

Feeling the danger of the silver moths, Xiangsi moved even faster. Xia Ge couldn't believe it, "Why would a beautiful girl use such a scary clothes demon?! Is this a butterfly? This is a locust?!"

Some of the silver moths had already caught up with them, and their sharp wings brushed past Xiangsi's tail, causing the golden thread on Xiangsi's red ribbon tail to flash, and for a moment, it was like a clash of swords!

This made Xiangsi stumble, and then countless silver moths, like jackals smelling blood, suddenly surrounded her!

Xia Ge: "Ah ah ah, how do I get rid of them? It's so annoying. Any bad ideas will do, Xiao Kui, give me a hint!"

System: "How the hell should I know what to do! Solve your own mess!"

Xia Ge: "How can this be called a mess! I'm doing good deeds without leaving a name! This is called hiding one's talents and biding one's time! It's just a little accident!"

System: "If you can hide your talents and bide your time, then don't cause accidents!"

The silver moths raged like a hurricane, and Xiangsi held her tightly in the midst of it. The tough red ribbon with golden thread flickered, and every time it was hit by a silver moth wing, it would produce a bright golden light, indestructible.

The system suddenly remembered something and panicked, "Host, think of a way to escape quickly! I only deducted five points from you for the paper man this time, and there are only two sticks of incense left! Hurry up or you'll be found out!"

Xia Ge was stunned, "Why didn't you say something so important earlier?"

System: "Isn't it because you're stupid!"

This time, she didn't use the paper pill, but the system "helped her out" when she was stunned. She thought the system just helped her use a special method to bring out the effect of the paper pill on her body, and the time was the same, but the result...

Imagination is rich, reality is skinny.

Someone below shouted, "It's trapped!"
"Silver Butterfly is so powerful..."

"Hurry!"

Someone is chasing them!

"Ah ah, Xiangsi, run as fast as you can, however you can! Leave this place immediately!"

Xiangsi, who was protecting her, hesitated for a moment. Silver Butterfly's attacks became even more crazy. The originally red ribbon began to shine with dazzling golden light layer by layer after Xia Ge finished speaking.

The dirty mud had long been cleaned up by Silver Butterfly's reckless attacks. The golden ripples appeared on Xiangsi, like water waves rippling, constantly undulating. Xia Ge felt as if she heard the sound of a faint electric current, but she wasn't sure if it was an illusion.

Time seemed to stand still.

"Shoot it down quickly!"

"I have a bow here!"

Chang Nian, who was chasing after them, said, "Give me the bow!"

After receiving the long bow, Chang Nian focused and held his breath. The sharp arrow slowly condensed the sharp golden aura, aiming at the center of the air where the ribbon ball, which was surrounded by Silver Butterfly, was faintly shining with golden ripples.

Chang Nian was confident that no matter what demon or monster it was, it would be pierced like a roast pork by this arrow.

Xia Ge's heart skipped a beat. She was wrapped up tightly by Xiangsi. Even though she couldn't see the outside, she felt like she was being watched by something dangerous.

It was very dangerous!

"Die!"

Chang Nian suddenly released the bowstring! The sharp arrow with the golden aura suddenly made a sound of breaking through the air, chasing after its target!

"Xiangsi! Run!"

As soon as Xia Ge finished speaking, she heard a "crackle" sound, like the sound of electric current passing through a conductor, and a feeling of something dangerous brushing past her. It was terrifying and chilling!

In the moment when the sharp arrow with the golden aura was about to hit the small ribbon ball in the middle, a dazzling golden electric light flashed by. The golden arrow suddenly pierced through the Silver Butterfly and turned into debris under its sharp wings. However, the ribbon ball disappeared without a trace!

Chang Nian widened his eyes, "It's gone?!"

The other disciples beside him: "..."
"Impossible...it can't just disappear like that!"

"..."

"It didn't disappear." The girl's voice was soft, and everyone turned to see the girl with a beautiful silver butterfly embroidered on her sleeve quietly emerging from the deep forest. Her forehead was covered with sweat, and her almond-shaped eyes reflected the cold moonlight. She raised her hand slightly, and the butterflies in the air suddenly lost their targets and flew back to her sleeve like headless flies. On her fingertips, a silver butterfly spread its wings, making her jade fingers look as white as winter snow.

Behind her, the silent boy held a sword and slowly walked out without saying a word.

When Chang Nian saw Ye Ze and Chu Yi appear together, she felt like something hard was stuck in her heart, making her extremely uncomfortable. "Where did it go?"

"The direction...is at Danfeng." The silver butterfly on Chu Yi's fingertips trembled, and she narrowed her almond eyes slightly. "It can't escape."

"..."

"Bixi."

The smoke was lingering, and the girl closed her eyes, soaking in the warm spring water. Her voice was slightly hoarse. "Bring Tianzhuling over here."

Bixi had just finished washing Tianzhuling and was slightly surprised when she heard this. "Don't you want to dry it outside?"

Tianzhuling was completely wet and was comfortably rolling in the water.

"Bring it over." Gu Peijiu paused for a moment. "Hang it on the tree next to us."

Bixi didn't say anything else and did as she was told, wringing out Tianzhuling and hanging it on an old wutong tree next to the hot spring.

Tianzhuling shook off the water on its own and happily enjoyed the night breeze.

The mist was hazy, and Gu Peijiu closed her eyes for a while.

"...It's been many years."

She whispered softly.

Tianzhuling, who was stretching its body, paused for a moment, and then quietly settled down, the entire red silk hanging on the tree.

After a while.

Tianzhuling gently climbed down from the tree and then fell into the girl's white hands.

"You don't have to comfort me."
The spring water was warm, and half of the red silk fell into the water. The smoke obscured the delicate and pretty face of the young girl. Her snow-white skin was like jade, kissing the warm water and smoke. The red silk in her hand was soft and smooth. Her eyelashes trembled slightly, and her deep black eyes were calm and serene.

"Do you have anything to say?" 

The red silk moved slightly, as if sensing something. Gu Peijiu was about to say something when suddenly a small golden ribbon ball with a familiar aura shot out from above. Gu Peijiu's pupils contracted slightly, and she instinctively raised her Tianzhu Ling, wanting to wrap up the ball. But then Tianzhu Ling suddenly burst out of the spring water, splashing countless water droplets, and rushed towards the ball!

However, the next moment, the ball suddenly disintegrated into a small red ribbon. Tianzhu Ling suddenly stopped, and a burst of smoke rolled out. Then there was a loud "thump," and the hot spring suddenly splashed up three or four feet of water.

"Ahh, it's so hot! I fell into the water. What the hell! Time passes so fast. It's so hot!" 

Tianzhu Ling moved swiftly, ready to attack, but Gu Peijiu held it back when she heard the voice.

"Hiss..." Xia Ge gulped a few mouthfuls of water and instinctively grabbed around, suddenly grabbing onto something.

"Ah, I'm going to drown!" 

It was a soft and smooth touch, like the feeling of skin sticking together.

System: "..." 

A clear and light voice sounded. 

"You won't drown." 

Xia Ge hadn't reacted yet, "Who are you? You said I won't drown, but what if I do? I'll turn into a water ghost. How ugly is that?" 

When she came back to her senses, Xia Ge suddenly stiffened. 

...Who? Who is talking? Where am I? 

She turned her head stiffly. 

In the mist, a black-haired and black-eyed girl had a delicate face, with vermilion lips, a porcelain-white neck, half-exposed fragrant shoulders, and a lingering red silk draped over her right shoulder, setting off her snow-white skin. Her plump breasts were half-hidden in the water. 

But that wasn't the point. 

The point was that she was naked, with her arms around the other person's neck, almost hanging on the other person's body. 

After taking a quick glance, Xia Ge's brain suffocated for two seconds. 

"Ahh!"
Summer quickly released her arms and crawled in the opposite direction in a doggy paddle style, blushing and moving at an astonishing speed. She seemed to have learned it all by herself and exclaimed, "I didn't see anything, I didn't mean to do it, spare me!"

Did she see it wrong? Was it just her imagination? Why did that face look so much like her senior sister? Was it fake? She didn't touch her! She didn't see anything or do anything!

As Summer was swimming, she suddenly felt like she couldn't move anymore. She stiffened and looked down, only to find that her chest was tightly wrapped in red silk, which successfully stopped her movements.

Summer: "..."

System: "..."

...This is a disaster.

"What is this?" The girl's voice was calm, without any intention of questioning. Even if she didn't ask, Summer didn't dare to turn around. She was stiff as a board and stuttered, "Wha-wha-wha...what?"

Gu Peijiu's wet black hair draped over her round shoulders, and her right hand lazily pulled on one side of the red silk, while the other side was tied to Summer. In her left hand, there was a small silver butterfly.

The butterfly trembled under her pressure and didn't dare to move.

Gu Peijiu squinted and looked over. In the hazy mist, the girl who was wrapped in red silk not far away had her hair scattered due to her struggle in the water, making her look wet and messy. Her shoulder was extremely fair, and there was a light pink butterfly-shaped birthmark on her black hair, which was faintly visible and very delicate. The beautiful lines from her slender waist and limbs extended down into the water, making her look extremely seductive.

Seemingly frightened, she had her back turned to Gu Peijiu, and even through the long red silk, she could feel the other party's stiffness.

Gu Peijiu didn't know why, but she thought of the girl in the red dress from the black market that night, who held her neck and had a soft and alluring look in her black eyes.

Her heart tightened slightly, and Gu Peijiu lowered her eyes.

Summer had mentally prepared herself countless times, thinking that they were both girls, so what was the big deal?

She was not afraid at all.

...After all, everyone was the same.

The system sighed, "They are not the same." For example, their chests.

Summer: "Shut up, we are the same."

Summer turned her head and said, "Senior sister, I..." 

"I..."
In the misty fog, Gu Peijiu's cheeks were somewhat blurry in Xia Ge's eyes, but no matter how blurry they were, she still saw the silver butterfly that had chased her like a dog in Gu Peijiu's hand.

"Damn it! Quickly throw it away!!" Xia Ge saw the silver butterfly and her brain suddenly went blank. By the time she reacted, she had already pounced on Gu Peijiu like a hungry tiger. "Ah, quickly kill it!!"

If she guessed correctly, this silver butterfly definitely had tracking capabilities!!

Tian Zhuling only controlled Xia Ge to prevent her from swimming too far into the deep water area, but she did not control her from pouncing back. Gu Peijiu did not expect her to pounce back directly, caught off guard by the girl pouncing on her. For a moment, their skin was in contact and Xia Ge reached out to grab the silver butterfly in her hand. Gu Peijiu instinctively raised her hand.

Xia Ge, who could not reach with her claws, said, "..."

"Hand." Gu Peijiu's voice was flat.

Xia Ge, "..."

Only then did she realize that her left paw was pressed against her senior sister's beautiful collarbone, and a little further down would be unspeakable.

But now the silver butterfly was obviously more important, so forget about the rest! Otherwise, if they were chased here by the people of Jianfeng later, the consequences would be unimaginable!

Xia Ge's eyes flashed, pretending to slip her hand down and pressing it hard!

Water splashed!

It felt soft and slippery in her hand.

Gu Peijiu's beautiful eyes suddenly widened, her whole brain went blank, and her raised right hand slid down slightly. Xia Ge blushed and said, "Xiangsi! Take it away!"

Xiaoxiangsi, who had been pretending to be dead underwater, leaped out of the water, taking the little silver butterfly with a dazzling splash of water, and ran towards the back mountain without hesitation!

Gu Peijiu saw the electric light and squinted her eyes slightly. Tian Zhuling immediately pulled away from Xia Ge's body and was about to catch up in mid-air, but was stopped by Gu Peijiu.

She lowered her head and looked at Xia Ge, who had breathed a sigh of relief below, for a while.

"Can you let go now?"
Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge awkwardly moved her claws away from the soft and tender area, "Ha, haha..."

"Senior Sister is really enjoying herself. This is the hot spring of Danfeng. It is indeed a place of beauty and elegance..." Xia Ge kept talking and retreating, speaking nonsense, "Haha, the scenery is good, soft and fluffy..."
