The silver-haired girl gently held the hand that had previously held a sickle, intertwining their fingers.

"Your forgiveness," Su Chan's voice was soft and ethereal, "I do not expect it."

Their foreheads touched, and between them, a warm white bead shone with holy light.

The Pure Spirit Bead.

Completely pure and pristine.

The blood in Xia Ge's eyes slowly faded away.

She stared blankly at the snow-white bead floating in her chest, then slowly lifted her gaze as if realizing something.

"You're right," Su Chan's voice was clear but sounded like a whisper.

"Only by following our own thoughts can we know if what we get is truly what we want."

-"I know what I want better than anyone else."

-I want to be with you.

Xia Ge looked into a pair of clear and warm eyes.

Those were eyes like the divine beings that blessed all living beings, filled with compassion.

Like the person in her memories, yet different.

"But I am too capricious."

And always walking on what I think is the right path.

Those eyes gazed at her.

"So, perhaps I will never...get what I truly want."

"As you said, I live 'capriciously'," Su Chan pressed her forehead against Xia Ge's, her voice ethereal, "but no matter what, I cannot find myself."

Xia Ge was confused and suddenly remembered the first time she met her on the narrow path behind Lingxi Mountain a long, long time ago.

This person was also like this, pressing her forehead against hers, speaking softly and slowly, asking her to call her name.
"... Call my name."

"..." What's wrong with her?

Xia Ge's mind went blank. She seemed to remember a lot of things, but couldn't think of anything. She instinctively asked, "Did you find yourself?"

Su Chan didn't speak, just smiled slightly at her.

This smile was pure.

Like an innocent and naive child, with a hint of cunning.

Xia Ge's pupils dilated slightly. "You..."

She didn't say what she wanted to say, suddenly feeling empty in her heart. Then a fierce roar sounded in her ears - deafening!

"I can't - I can't - ah -"

A heart-wrenching scream!

"Ah -"

It was as if something was forcibly stripped from her soul! After the emptiness, there was the pain of tearing the heart! Xia Ge opened her eyes wide, and painful sweat instantly appeared on her cheeks.

Su Chan pressed her shoulder and gently infused her with soul power at the moment the calamity was forcibly stripped away. The dark and sinister calamity soul was exposed to the holy white light in an instant. In the screams and struggles, it desperately stretched out its misty black tentacles towards Xia Ge, "Save me - please - master -"

"I am you -"

"You are everything to me - ah -"

"Please - I can make you stronger - you are mine - mine alone -"

"I..."

The voice behind her was heart-wrenching, and Xia Ge wanted to turn her head, but Su Chan held her head down.

The voice of the silver-haired girl was ethereal, "Don't look back."

Su Chan looked into her eyes, "Those who want everything from you."

"They are all selfish and cruel."
......

- She was like that too.

"So, you have to move forward without hesitation," Su Chan slowly closed her eyes, "never look back."

"Never... forgive her."

"Don't let her have any illusions."

"......Forever."

"Ah-" as the hoarse roar of calamity disappeared, Xia Ge opened her eyes in confusion. Su Chan's body began to float lightly upwards.

She subconsciously reached for her blood-red sleeve, "Where are you going-"

But she grabbed nothing.

The once seductive black-haired girl in red, now with brilliant silver hair, danced in her red clothes, slowly rising up.

Her body slowly became transparent, and so she went towards the place of the bright light.

It seemed like she would never fall again.

When those eyes opened again, the emotions inside them became increasingly faint, slowly, until they disappeared completely.

Without emotion or desire, loving all beings equally, that is what it means to be a god.

Xia Ge reached out her hand, but couldn't grasp anything.

"Why...?"

The person she used to hate so much, but now... no matter what, she couldn't stir up that feeling of disgust.

Su Chan.

She released the evil spirits of Ghost Mountain without hesitation, blamed her for it, and turned her into a despised street rat, and even caused her senior sister to be poisoned and unconscious-

She was so bad.

Making people hate her.


Previously, she said she didn't hate her, but it wasn't true. She was so wicked, and Xia Ge was not a saint. How could she not hate her?

However, she couldn't bring herself to hate her.

She only felt disgust towards her, but couldn't hate her.

...

Xia Ge's eyes gradually became vacant and lost in thought. The memories flashed through her mind, fleeting and elusive.

"Come on, let me teach you how to recite poetry..."

"Don't walk around barefoot... Alright, come up here... Why are you so silly? Come up, I'll carry you."

"Mushroom soup? Is that okay? What? Perilla soup? I don't know how to make that. Let's just stick with mushroom... Hey, don't cry, damn it... Stop pretending to be so cute!... Alright, I'll give it a try."

"... What? It tastes bad?! You're talking nonsense... If it tastes bad, you should have let me make something else..."

...

"I believe in you."

"... No matter what you do."

"I forgive you."

It was a dazzling and strange scene, as if from a past life, yet also like a dark tomb. The girl in red smiled brilliantly, her eyes hiding a hint of melancholy.

"... Before that, you have to say this to me."

"You have to say this to me."

"Goodbye, Achan."

Warm tears slid down Xia Ge's cheeks, and suddenly her eyes cleared.

"Achan!!!"

The light gradually faded away, and the silver-haired girl, like a deity, returned to the heavens, never to return to the mortal world.

Xia Ge seemed to hear the gentle whisper of the girl.
"On the day when I hold all beings in my heart."

"At the moment when I have no desires or attachments."

"At the moment of my rebirth as a feathered creature."

"I will be able to save you."

...

- The calamity has disappeared.

The silver-haired girl disappeared into the sky.

Gu Peijiu walked over, silent. The wound on her chest was not serious. With her strength and the help of medicine, the bleeding was soon stopped.

Xia Ge stared at the sky in a daze. It seemed that someone had whispered in her ear before.

"I will always be your lucky god."

...

"Su Chan is a god," Gu Peijiu paused and said, "She will eventually return to heaven."

Only a true god who has no desires or attachments can fully unleash the power of the Pure Spirit Pearl and punish the calamities that are used by the Heavenly Dao.

And true gods have no emotions.

Only when this fallen god, Su Chan, abandons all emotions, including the ability to love and all human emotions, can the Pure Spirit Pearl completely abandon "calamity" and become a "true god."

Su Chan knew this long ago, which is why she couldn't let go.

Once she lets go, she will have nothing.

Having tasted the sweetness of love, she will never want to lose it.

So, even with a heart full of reluctance, she still clings tightly to her inner demons.

As a demon who despises all beings, she would rather watch Xia Ge slaughter mortals -

Despite the pain, she still tells herself that it doesn't matter. Those are just ants.
As long as I can accompany you, as long as you are in my eyes, no matter what kind of you, as long as you are you.

As long as I love you.

God? All beings?

Who gives a damn.

- A demon can love someone.

God can only love all beings.

So she is a fallen god.

- Is it painful?

No, it's not painful. She is a fallen god, she should have been bad.

It's natural for her to be bad.

She should do bad things, because the person she likes also accidentally did bad things. If she's not a little bad... If one day, if that person finds out the truth, finds out that he has done a lot of bad things, and walks alone on such a lonely road, how painful it would be.

If she is also a big bad guy, then when that day comes, she will tell her about all the bad things she has done, like a childish child showing off her new toy, saying who's toy is more powerful - you did bad things? It doesn't matter, what you did is nothing, I am the worst one!

- You are a good person, I will try to pretend to be a good kid. If you are a big bad guy, it doesn't matter, then I will be too.

No matter what kind of road you want to take.

Whether it's a fork or a detour.

Since I can't save you, I swear in the name of the God of Fortune.

- No matter what kind of road it is, you will never be alone.

Even if looking into your eyes makes me feel pain, it doesn't matter.

Even if you can't find yourself, it doesn't matter.

...

But step by step, it becomes more and more wrong.
That person is still walking their own path, striving to move forward.

But she didn't know when she lost herself.

Everything was just selfish and cruel excuses.

...

...So, don't forgive her.

From now on.

She is the deity of the world, but also a passing visitor in the mortal world.

...

Xia Ge said in confusion, "I feel like I remember something, but at the same time, I can't recall anything... What's wrong with me?"

Gu Peiju looked at her.

It seems that when Su Chan left, she still didn't want Xia Ge to remember anything.

"Why? I'm so sad, I feel like I'm going to die, but why--"

She couldn't remember anything, and her head was filled with a lot of things for a moment, but when she tried to think carefully, everything disappeared in a blink of an eye.

She seemed to have lost something very important.

So important that she couldn't help but cry when she thought about it.

Gu Peiju looked into her eyes, sighed lightly, and held her in his arms with one hand. His voice was low, "It's okay."

"If you want to cry, then cry." Gu Peiju paused and said to himself, "Just this once...I forgive you for crying for someone else."

Xia Ge lowered her head in a daze and saw a puppet that looked exactly like her on the ground.

The soul of that person had already left, and this puppet was exactly the same as Xia Ge.

...She was here, crying for whom?
