Xia Ge watched as the other person's hand tightened, suddenly afraid that she would impulsively gouge her own eyes out. If that were to happen, she would be guilty of a great sin. "Hey, are you drunk? Or not drunk? Hey, don't be impulsive..."

"I'm not drunk."

Chu Yao swayed and took her hand away, leaving two red handprints on her snow-white forehead. She turned away and sneered, "Who do you think I am?"

Xia Ge replied, "You're a big shot who can handle a thousand cups without getting drunk."

Chu Yao paused, then sincerely said, "Actually, it's really pretty."

A breeze blew by, the sun setting in the west, and the sky was like a clear lake.

Chu Yao poured herself another glass of wine, downing it in one gulp. "Pretty? Can pretty be eaten as a meal?"

Xia Ge thought for a moment. "Although it can't be eaten as a meal, it's still something that people like."

Chu Yao put her wine glass down with a "clack," her almond eyes cold, but a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth. "Oh? Do you like it?"

Xia Ge remained silent.

Chu Yao sneered, "Look at how cowardly you are."

Xia Ge replied, "Whether I like it or not is another matter, but it really is pretty."

The other person closed her eyes and didn't speak for a while.

Just as Xia Ge thought she wasn't going to say anything and was about to fall asleep like that, Chu Yao spoke up.

"Hey, shorty, have you heard of Chu Shi?"

She spoke with her eyes closed, propping her head up with her hand. Her usual arrogance and hostility were absent, and her delicate eyelashes were tinged with the light from outside, making her look a bit softer.

Like a tired wild animal.

Xia Ge had been reading too many historical novels these days, and blurted out, "Ah, that bandit leader!"

Chu Yao's hand slipped from her forehead, and her head nearly hit the table. Her eyes, which had just closed, suddenly opened wide as she glared at Xia Ge. "Nonsense!"
Xia Ge came to his senses and realized that the person in front of him seemed to be a descendant of a "bandit leader", "...oh, sorry, it's the King of Chu."

Chu Yao: "..."

Seeing that Chu Yao's face didn't look too good, Xia Ge explained, "I read a wild history book a few days ago, which said that the King of Chu was a bandit on the Lingxi Peak... well, although it was quite exciting, it shouldn't be true."

"At that time, the King of Chu should have been a princess." Xia Ge scratched his head and coughed, "I read it wrong, don't take it seriously."

Chu Yao snorted, "Actually, you're not wrong."

Xia Ge: "...huh?"

"Although no one in my family admits it," Chu Yao said, "our ancestor did work as a bandit for a while."

Xia Ge: "..."

Seeing Xia Ge's expression of "do I know too much?", Chu Yao found it amusing and raised her eyebrows, "Although those wild histories are well written, they may not be completely accurate."

Xia Ge was surprised, "The King of Chu really was a bandit?"

Chu Yao said, "According to official history, when Chu Shi was young, she was kidnapped by bandits and threatened the royal family."

She paused for a moment and laughed again, "But actually, the real reason was that the princess, with the help of her uncle, pretended to be kidnapped by bandits, secretly stationed troops, prepared for a rebellion, and overthrew her father's incompetent rule."

Xia Ge: "..."

There was actually such an operation?

"Do you want to hear more?" Chu Yao asked.

Xia Ge nodded eagerly, "Yes, I want to hear more."

Xia Ge was a little excited. She couldn't find these secrets in history books, but now someone was willing to tell her. Of course, she wanted to know everything.

The young man looked at her with bright, beautiful eyes.

Chu Yao was a little distracted and said after a while, "...there's nothing wrong with telling you."

"At that time, the King of Chu was weak and sickly, and had someone calculate his fate. It was discovered that although he had the aura of a king, he did not have the destiny to become a king."

"Then, you just said... she had an uncle?" Xia Ge scratched her head, "Her uncle could just declare himself king, why make it so complicated?"

Chu Yao glared at her, "But it's not legitimate enough. The princess is the legitimate princess. If a princess takes the throne, she won't be subject to criticism and gossip from the world."
Xia Ge let out a sound of understanding, "I see, he was a puppet emperor."

Chu Yao shook her head, "No, it wasn't like that."

Xia Ge was surprised, "Could it be that the prince had some noble aspirations for peace in the world? Supporting the princess to take the throne?"

Chu Yao nodded seriously, "Yes."

Xia Ge was speechless, "…That's really rare."

"Exactly," Chu Yao said, "At that time, King Chu Huai, the uncle of the princess, wanted the princess to become queen, so he went everywhere to recruit talented people to change the princess's fate and defy the heavens. But this violated the heavenly laws, and no one was willing to do it."

"Changing fate and defying the heavens? That sounds impressive… Did she succeed?" Xia Ge asked.

Chu Yao nodded, "Of course she succeeded, otherwise, where would the legend of King Chu unifying the world come from?"

Xia Ge rested her chin on her hand, "But you said earlier that no one was willing to do it, how did the princess succeed?"

Chu Yao was impatient, "I'm not a fairy, how can I know everything? What I'm telling you now is just what I heard from my elders at home…"

"Oh come on, it's about your family's history, you must know," Xia Ge tugged at her sleeve.

As she tugged, Xia Ge suddenly felt like someone was watching her, and she shivered.

She instinctively looked around, but there was nothing there.

…Must be her imagination.

Wait, she should ask about the secret history of King Chu first.

"What happened to King Chu later on?" Xia Ge asked.

Chu Yao glanced at her and said blandly, "He died."

…Everyone dies, of course people from hundreds of years ago died, that was a pointless statement.

Xia Ge's eyebrows twitched, "Then… how did he die?"

Chu Yao recited, "He offered himself as a sacrifice to the spirits, and the Chu sword was placed across his neck. He killed himself in front of an unknown tomb."

"Sacrifice to the spirits… the Chu sword was used for sacrifice?"
Chu Yao nodded, "That's right, it's the Chu Blade Sacrifice Spirit."

The ancient clothing demon born in the Chu family, the Chu Blade Sacrifice Spirit!

Wait, wait?

Xia Ge couldn't believe it, "Suicide? But she already proclaimed herself king and achieved her wish. Why would she commit suicide instead of governing the world properly?"

Chu Yao glanced at her, "Why don't you ask her yourself?"

Xia Ge: "..." She couldn't respond to that.

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly thought of the mural she saw in the ancestral tomb.

Could it be... related to Lingxi Ancestor?

But in the words that Chu Yao just said, there was not even a mention of the ancestor. It was as if this person didn't exist in Chu Shi's life at all.

Chu Yao drank a cup of wine and muttered, "Before the death of King Chu, he left a will to disperse the royal family and let the [Zhi] manage the people. Each major family can do as they please, and this has continued to this day. From then on, the imperial aura dissipated, and there were no more cultivators who could interfere with the fate of the world."

Xia Ge thought for a moment and interjected, "Um, I just want to ask... does Lingxi Ancestor have any connection to your family?"

Chu Yao glanced at her, "How would I know if there is a connection or not."

Xia Ge: "..." That was true.

Chu Yao snorted and drank another cup, her eyes slightly drunk, "I'll tell you the truth. Basically, every day at home, all I hear is how great and powerful King Chu was in battles, how perfect her life was. The best adjectives I've ever heard were learned from others praising her."

Xia Ge said, "That's great, having such a glorious ancestor."

"But every time I make a mistake, I have to kowtow to her old clothes!" Chu Yao seemed very angry, her cheeks flushed. "Sometimes I feel like I'm not wrong, but my father thinks I am, and I have to kneel to that old clothes!"

Xia Ge: "..."

"Has she never made a mistake? Is she perfect? Even if I'm not wrong, why do I have to kneel to her?" Chu Yao slammed her wine glass on the table with a loud bang. "I flipped through the family's secret history. Even though she was powerful, she was also a bandit!"

Xia Ge: "..."

"Fine, even if I'm not wrong, I still have to kneel to her." Chu Yao calmed down and drank another cup. In her light brown eyes, there was a hint of drunkenness and unwillingness. "She was able to write and maintain peace in the world, and she was able to control the universe with martial arts. She is my ancestor, so it's nothing to kneel to her. I also admire her very much."

Xia Ge listened quietly. She felt that this girl in front of her had a heavy burden in her heart regarding her ancestor.
"Have you heard of it, Shorty?" Chu Yao enunciated each word, "The Eye of the King's Mandate."

Xia Ge shook his head honestly.

"Chu King's eyes are light brown," Chu Yao's voice was hoarse, "This kind of eyes is called 'King's Mandate' by the Chu family."

"According to the family history, only those who possess the 'King's Mandate' are qualified to be recognized by the spirits of the ancient Chu demon blade ritual."

"However..."

Chu Yao slowly covered her eyes with her hand, "I am not her..."

Xia Ge was slightly startled and suddenly understood why.

...This was a child who had been treated as the "Chu King" since birth.

Seemingly carrying endless expectations and basking in endless glory, high above everyone else, but forever living in the glory of a dead person, never able to turn over.

"Do you know what they like to call me?" Chu Yao put down her hand, held the wine glass, and looked out the window with a half-drunk gaze, murmuring.

Xia Ge shook her head.

Chu Yao sneered lightly, one word at a time.

"Reborn Chu King."

The breeze blew lightly, and the girl with light brown almond eyes looked out the window, holding the wine glass tightly in her hand, biting her teeth, "I really can't accept it."

The Chu family had a joke about her.

From the moment she opened her eyes, she had everything.

From then on, all her efforts were the brilliant light of that person, taken for granted.

"Well," Xia Ge thought for a moment, then suddenly laughed.

Chu Yao was slightly startled and looked up at her, "What are you laughing at?"

Xia Ge slowly put down the wine glass, then stood up, trying to reach out and touch her eyes.
Although he was clearly a young boy, his hands were fair and soft, like a girl's.

His fingertips gently brushed over her delicate eyelashes and then slowly moved upwards, smoothing her hair away from her forehead, exposing her eyes completely to Xia Ge's gaze.

Chu Yao stiffened slightly, her light brown almond eyes widening slightly, revealing the softness of a young boy's features.

The young boy, with his red hair tied back, knelt on the table due to his height, leaning in close to her. His dark eyes shone brightly like the stars of the previous night, and he smiled lightly. "Because I still think that your eyes are really beautiful."

Chu Yao blushed suddenly. "...What did you say?"

Xia Ge tilted his head. "I said that because these are your eyes," he emphasized the word "you," before sighing. "So they're really beautiful."

-Not Chu Shi, not Chu Wang, not anyone else.

You are you, Chu Yao.

That's why you can live so beautifully.

Only when you feel like yourself can you live out your own brilliant glory and eternal glory.

Chu Yao looked at the young boy's face, which was so close to her, and his dark eyes that were staring at her. She felt her heart skip a beat.

"These are my..."

Xia Ge nodded. "Mm, they're yours."

When Chu Yao finally snapped out of her daze, the first thing she noticed was the leg that the young boy had knelt on.

"You... are you short again?" Chu Yao heard her own unsteady voice.

Xia Ge: "..."

System: "...Pfft."

Xia Ge quickly suppressed his laughter, his expressionless face as he climbed down from the table and quietly poured himself a glass of wine.

She would never comfort anyone again.

She just wasn't cut out for it.
Suffocating.

Chu Yao tried hard to conceal the inexplicable feeling from earlier. Seeing the other's frustrated expression, she snorted, "Did I say something wrong? You were already short to begin with."

Xia Ge: "..."

... Whoever pays is the boss, remember that, remember that, don't hit people, don't hit people.

Xia Ge remained expressionless. "You might be drunk. Come on, let's have another drink."

Chu Yao recovered from that feeling and saw Xia Ge's appearance. She felt like she might have gone a bit too far earlier. "Oh, are you angry?"

Xia Ge coolly replied, "I dare not, I dare not."

Chu Yao glanced at her. "Then can you at least smile?"

Who doesn't know how to smile?

Xia Ge forced a fake smile.

Chu Yao, on the other hand, smiled genuinely. She imitated Xia Ge's earlier actions, but unlike Xia Ge, she didn't have to kneel on the table. She simply reached out and flipped Xia Ge's hair, then leaned in to look at her eyes.

Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted, and she subconsciously wanted to pull back, but Chu Yao lightly held onto her shoulder.

"Hey, your smile is really fake," she commented, then her voice softened, her breath shallow. "But, it's still pretty."

Xia Ge's body stiffened. "Are you drunk?"

Chu Yao chuckled softly. "...Maybe, otherwise why do I feel like you're starting to sound like a girl?"

"Crash--"

There was the sound of something breaking not far away. Xia Ge turned to look, but saw nothing. She turned back, expressionless, and held onto the hand that was on her shoulder. "Um, if you're drunk, then let go and rest for a bit."

Chu Yao laughed. "Ha, I'm not drunk...or maybe I am."

She leaned close to Xia Ge's ear, her voice hoarse. "So, if you have anything you want to ask me, just say it. Don't keep it hidden, it's tiring to watch."

Xia Ge suddenly stiffened, feeling guilty. "I don't have anything to say...haha, what would I have to say..."

Chu Yao was straightforward. She withdrew her hand and stood up. "If you don't have anything to say, then I'm leaving."
"Oh, don't be so blunt," Xia Ge covered her forehead. "Be more tactful."

Chu Yao sneered, no longer bothering to pretend. "Tactful my ass, we've already gone through three jugs."

She pointed to the empty row of liquor jugs on the table. "I've said everything I wanted to say after drinking three jugs, what about you?"

Chu Yao looked at the boy's expression of being caught off guard and twitched her eyebrows. "I knew you wanted something from me, otherwise you wouldn't have come out so straightforwardly. So, what is it?"

Xia Ge was surprised. "Did I really come out so straightforwardly?"

The system interjected, "She's not blind."

Chu Yao added, "I'm not blind."

Xia Ge: "..."

Later that night, there was an evening study session.

Although Xia Ge's body was strengthened and could handle a thousand cups of liquor, she still had the faint smell of alcohol on her when she returned. After saying goodbye to Chu Yao, she quickly went back to take a shower, wash her clothes, and change into another "school uniform" before sneaking up the mountain.

The content of the evening study session was simple, similar to modern self-study sessions, basically reviewing what Master Bai had taught during the day.

They were still in the theoretical stage of familiarizing themselves with the alchemical formulas and basic steps, and didn't have to actually touch the furnace yet. Therefore, the evening study session was undoubtedly very easy for Xia Ge.

When she snuck in, Master Bai was not there. Mao Qing's seat was close to hers, and she greeted Xia Ge with a wave of her hand and a quiet voice. "Hey, you're back?"

Xia Ge nervously slipped back to her seat under everyone's gaze. She had hurriedly showered, and although she had dried her hair, it still had a hint of moisture. She tied it up casually with a red hairband. "Uh, yeah, I'm back."

"Hey, what did Lady Chu ask you to do today?" Mao Qing asked curiously.

Xia Ge was surprised that Mao Qing was so friendly towards the people of the Sword Peak. Mao Qing noticed her expression and scratched her head. "Although Lady Chu is from Sword Peak, she's different from the others."

She paused and whispered, "Although she doesn't seem to have a good temper, everyone likes her."

Xia Ge thought of the time when the demonic puppets attacked the village. No one from Sword Peak came down, only Chu Yao led the way. Looking at Mao Qing's expression, she understood.

...See, not everyone is living in the glory of that person.
"At least in Sword Peak, you are you."

"She asked me to hang out," Xia Ge didn't dare to say that she went drinking with Chu Yao, "it's nothing important."

Mao Qing responded with an "oh" and didn't ask further when she saw that Xia Ge didn't want to talk about it.

Xia Ge glanced at Huo Bai not far away, then at the stack of half-drawn formation diagrams on her desk. She paused for a moment, rolled up her sleeves, and continued her afternoon project.

System: "Can you draw it?"

Xia Ge: "It should be okay."

System: "The white talisman on his waist is of the Profound level. Although you can draw a Profound level or higher inverse white talisman, you don't have spiritual power..."

Xia Ge: "Tsk, who needs spiritual power? Just draw the Gathering Spirit Formation and the Inverse White Talisman together."

System: "..."

The evening class passed quietly and peacefully.

When evening self-study ended, Xia Ge wiped her sweat and looked at the formation diagram sample in her hand, nodding in satisfaction. "It's done!"

She put the sample into her pocket and glanced at Huo Bai.

Huo Bai was reading a prescription, dressed in plain clothes and sitting upright, looking like a gentleman. There was no indication that he was a spy for the demonic cult who could effortlessly recite the recipe for an aphrodisiac.

Xia Ge casually walked over to him and said, "Oh, Huo-xiong, what did the teacher talk about today?"

Huo Bai replied, "The usual stuff."

Xia Ge thought, "What did he talk about? I wasn't there."

She decided to change the subject. "Ahem, the teacher's lectures are usually quite profound. Let's talk about something else..."

As they spoke, Huo Bai finished tidying up and they naturally left the evening self-study hall together.

"Huo-xiong is very knowledgeable," Xia Ge said as they walked. "I always feel like you know a lot of things."

Huo Bai's expression remained unchanged. "I used to read a lot of miscellaneous books."
Xia Ge laughed and then sighed, "I'm not good at studying. I haven't read many books before, and it's quite difficult for me to learn now."

"No, Xia Junior Brother is very smart," Huo Bai paused, seemingly implying something, "Your formation drawing is very good."

Xia Ge said, "Ah, really?"

The two stopped at a fork in the road. Xia Ge's room was close to the senior sister's location, but it was separated from the other disciples.

Huo Bai looked at her and said, "You..."

Xia Ge interrupted him, "Can I go with you to see over there? It's been half a month, and I haven't seen what your dormitory looks like yet."

She pretended to be shy and scratched her head, "Ha, Mao Qing is a girl, and I don't know her well. I'm not familiar with the others, so I can only ask Brother Huo to take me there."

Huo Bai looked at her and said, "Sure."

After speaking, he led Xia Ge to another road.

Xia Ge breathed a sigh of relief.

The dormitories of these disciples were basically built together, and the wooden houses looked very similar.

Seeing the dormitory was just an excuse. She actually wanted to find out which room Huo Bai lived in. If she followed him rashly, she might be discovered and arouse suspicion. It was better to go "visit" under the guise of a classmate.

The two walked along the way without speaking and arrived at Huo Bai's place smoothly. The stars were shining in the sky, and everyone had not yet gone to bed. After half a month, the people who lived in the same place were almost familiar with each other. When they saw Huo Bai bringing someone over, they were surprised, "Oh, who did Huo Junior Brother bring?"

"Oh, I know her. Isn't she a special student in the same year as Huo Junior Brother?"

"Ah, Xia Wu Yin."

Someone came over to say hello, "Hi, do you still remember me, little junior brother?"

Xia Ge took a closer look and realized that it was the senior brother who pretended to be a new disciple and borrowed her water gourd to drink water on the day of the results announcement!

But... what was his name again? She couldn't remember.

The other party obviously noticed that Xia Ge couldn't remember him, but he didn't mind and laughed heartily, "My name is Lu Qie, the road that leads to the end, and the slow one at that."

Xia Ge went along with it and said, "Hello, Senior Brother Lu."

Huo Bai also nodded at Lu Qie and said, "Senior Brother Lu."
"Sigh, your senior brother Lu is not good at all." Lu Qie glanced at Xia Ge with a worried expression, "You're not any better either. You live in such a good place."

Xia Ge thought of her luxurious single room and giggled foolishly.

"But... little junior brother probably doesn't know what makes it 'good'," Lu Qie saw Xia Ge's silly smile and his lips curved upwards, "Come on, let your senior brother tell you..."

Xia Ge: "..."

"Hey, why are you backing away? I really want to share this with you!" Lu Qie waved at her, looking like a kind and innocent senior brother, and pulled over Huo Bai, "Hey, let me tell you, come and envy us."

Huo Bai: "..."

Xia Ge's lips twitched, but thinking that the other party probably didn't have any ill intentions, she leaned over.

Lu Qie then mysteriously and quietly said, "I'll tell you... behind the senior sister's bedroom, there's a hot spring..."

Xia Ge: "???"

Huo Bai: "..."

Lu Qie pressed down the two people who wanted to get up, "Hey, listen to me finish talking - that's the only hot spring in our Danfeng, it's precious!"

He then hit Huo Bai's shoulder, "Aren't you jealous?"

Then he glared at Xia Ge, "I'm so damn jealous!!"

Xia Ge's lips twitched and she acted like an honest person, "We can't even go and take a bath there, what's there to envy..."

Lu Qie rubbed his eyes and pointed to his own eyes, "Can you see these eyes?"

Xia Ge: "Yes."

Lu Qie glared at her, "What color are they?"

Xia Ge: "...Red."

After Xia Ge finished speaking, her head was suddenly hit by Lu Qie. He roared while pointing to his own eyes, "Who the hell let you go and take a bath? Don't you have any sense? Don't play dumb with me! Can't you see how jealous my eyes are? They're red! They're bleeding!"

Xia Ge: "..."

Huo Bai: "..."
"That's not your own blood, is it? What a load of crap!"

After finally getting rid of her unreliable senior brother, Huo Bai walked to the door of his own room and turned to look at her. "Do you want to come in and take a look?"

"No, I'm just here to take a look." Xia Ge felt a bit uneasy. "The senior brothers here are really enthusiastic."

Huo Bai shook his head, a slight smile on his lips. "Everyone here is like that."

Xia Ge looked at him, slightly taken aback.

Huo Bai seemed to realize something and the smile on his lips became slightly stiff.

Xia Ge blinked and coughed. "Senior brother, you should go back and rest. I'm going back too."

Huo Bai was silent for a moment. "Okay, take your time on the way back."

After speaking, he closed the door.

Xia Ge took a few steps and turned back to look at the closed door. For some reason, she suddenly had an indescribable feeling in her heart.

System: "What's wrong?"

Xia Ge sighed. "Being a person is really tiring."

"Accidentally, you become someone who is neither inside nor outside."

The system didn't understand. "Uh?"

She didn't say anything else and walked out of the disciples' dormitory area. There were many trees with snow-white flowers planted on the mountain road, tall and big. Under the moonlight, the petals were flying, which was quite beautiful.

After walking a few steps, Xia Ge suddenly heard someone calling her softly.

"Xia Wuyin."

The voice was faint, without any emotion.

Xia Ge turned around to look.

A girl in a red and white maple leaf dress was standing quietly under the snow-white flower tree. Her soft black hair was tied up with a red hairband. She looked at her with pitch-black eyes that were deep and unfathomable in the night.

The night breeze blew and petals fell like snow. Under the moonlight, Xia Ge suddenly felt a bit dreamlike.
"Seems real but also fake,"

She snapped out of it, "Oh, senior sister."

Gu Peijiu nodded, and Xia Ge asked, "You came with me?"

As soon as she said it, she felt it was unlikely.

Who knew the other person nodded slowly, "Yes."

Xia Ge: "..."

The girl in red and white maple clothes looked at her, "Let's go back together."

Xia Ge was stunned for a moment, "Ah... okay."

The moonlight was silver.

Xia Ge walked beside the girl, feeling a little uneasy. She looked around from time to time and finally looked up at the girl next to her.

Finally, she thought of something to say and couldn't help but ask.

"Um, senior sister, do you have a hot spring over there?"

Gu Peijiu glanced at her and then looked away, "Yes."

"Oh," Xia Ge said, "I didn't know there was one."

Gu Peijiu looked at her, "Do you want to use it?"

Xia Ge quickly shook her head, "No, no, I was just asking."

After speaking, she suddenly realized that the person next to her already knew she was a girl.

Gu Peijiu replied softly, "Hmm."

Oh... in that case, there was no need to be so cautious.

Gu Peijiu was very silent. It seemed that if Xia Ge didn't speak, she wouldn't say a word either.

The two walked quietly for a while.
As Xia Ge walked, she felt a vague sense of familiarity. It was as if a long, long time ago, there was also this kind of mountain, this kind of moon, this kind of scenery, and there was always someone silently following her from behind.

No matter how far she went, no matter where she went, no matter how great the danger, whenever she turned back, that person was always behind her.

Xia Ge subconsciously stopped and turned around to look. Gu Peijiu was beside her, also stopping to look at her. In the silver moonlight, her black pupils were silent and inexplicable.

Behind them was empty, and the white flower trees on the mountainside were blooming brilliantly in the soft moonlight.

Xia Ge came back to her senses and felt foolish. If there was someone behind her, it would be terrifying. It's not like there are ghosts behind her, why would someone always follow another person from behind?

What nonsense was she thinking?

As Xia Ge was thinking, she suddenly heard Gu Peijiu ask softly, "What's behind us?"

Xia Ge looked up at the flower trees for a moment and said, "There are flowers."

Gu Peijiu looked down and saw the silhouette of the young girl with her back turned to her, looking at the flower trees behind her. Perhaps she hadn't noticed it herself, but her outline was becoming softer and softer.

She was becoming more and more like a girl.

Suddenly, the girl with her back turned to her turned around again and looked at her, her black eyes flowing with soft moonlight.

She nodded and looked at Gu Peijiu with her hand behind her back, looking serious.

"Well, as expected, if I turn around like this, there are flowers and there's also my senior sister."

There couldn't be no one behind her. If there wasn't, she could pretend there was.

Perhaps because she knew that Gu Peijiu knew her identity as a girl, Xia Ge's voice was no longer deliberately lowered. When she spoke, there was a kind of girl's willfulness and coquetry.

Gu Peijiu was momentarily stunned.
After a while, Gu Peijiu's eyes softened.

"Let's go back," she said.

The two of them continued forward.

The road seemed to be getting longer.

Xia Ge couldn't stay idle and walked for a while before asking, "Senior sister, do you know how to play any musical instruments?"

Gu Peijiu paused, and broken memories resurfaced.

"Hey, I'll teach you how to play the flute. From now on, you'll listen to me and use the flute to make them listen to you," the memory abruptly stopped.

Gu Peijiu fell silent for a while and shook her head.

"I don't know."

Xia Ge sighed, "Oh, I don't know either, but I think I have a good talent for music theory. I can't let it go to waste like this."

She was still struggling with controlling the soul puppet, and she was undoubtedly the worst puppet master in her class.

Gu Peijiu said nothing.

The two of them walked forward for a while.

Xia Ge said, "Ah, it's so boring. Senior sister, do you know how to play anything? Anything will do as long as it makes a sound..."

Gu Peijiu looked at her and asked, "Anything?"

Xia Ge eagerly nodded, "Anything."

Gu Peijiu then looked at her and raised her delicate hand. The Heavenly Executioner's Silk suddenly appeared from her sleeve and gently wrapped around a green leaf from a nearby tree. She then handed it to Xia Ge.

Xia Ge widened her eyes in surprise.

Under the moonlight, the girl in red and white maple clothing twisted the green leaf and gently blew into it, playing a tune Xia Ge had never heard before. The prelude was light and cheerful, but as it progressed, the melody slowed down and became increasingly sorrowful.
The moonlight flows like silver, and a single leaf foretells autumn.

After finishing a song, Xia Ge clapped and exclaimed, "That was amazing! Senior Sister, you're so talented!"

She looked up at her with shining eyes and asked, "What song is that?"

Gu Peijiu played with a leaf and replied, "Homeward Bound."

"Huh?" Xia Ge was confused.

Gu Peijiu explained, "This song tells a story. After the war ended, soldiers returned home, happy and excited. But when they arrived, they found everything had changed. The land was ruined, and the girl who had promised to marry the protagonist was no longer there."

She paused for a moment and continued, "So the beginning of the song is lively, but the ending is sad."

Xia Ge was stunned for a moment.

Gu Peijiu finished speaking and saw Xia Ge lost in thought. She added, "It's just a folk tune, nothing special."

Xia Ge looked at the leaf in her hand and said after a while, "I want to try."

Gu Peijiu looked at her and then spun the leaf from the tree with a flick of her wrist and handed it to her.

The system was unsure, "Can you play it?"

Xia Ge replied, "Guess."

If Senior Sister hadn't suddenly played the leaf flute for her, Xia Ge would have forgotten that she could also play a little bit, although not as well as Senior Sister. She could still play a tune.

Xia Ge raised an eyebrow at Gu Peijiu, folded the leaf, and brought it to her lips.

Gu Peijiu watched as she played, but the tune was off-key and sounded like a screeching cat. Gu Peijiu's expression didn't change, but her eyebrows twitched slightly.

Xia Ge took the leaf away and said, "Wait, let me adjust it."

The system confirmed, "You can't play it."

Xia Ge replied calmly, "Now I can."
Gu Peijiu didn't say anything, waiting for her to finish playing. Xia Ge took a deep breath and then played a simple and light melody from beginning to end.

After finishing playing, Xia Ge twisted the leaf in her hand and asked Gu Peijiu, "What song is this?"

Xia Ge replied with her eyes closed, "Returning Home."

Gu Peijiu said, "..."

Xia Ge asked, "Do you want to hear the story behind it?"

Gu Peijiu said, "You can tell me."

Xia Ge said with a serious expression, "It's the story of soldiers who fought in all directions and returned in triumph, seeing the world they protected gradually become a peaceful and prosperous place."

"War is always ruthless," Xia Ge tossed away the leaf in her hand, "The difference lies in why those people fought."

"If the ideas are different, the mood naturally varies."

Gu Peijiu frowned and said, "It's an absurd argument."

Xia Ge said, "Oh, never mind. Sometimes war is unavoidable. At this time, if you can't change the reality, you can only adjust your mentality. If your mentality is good, the morale will be high and the chance of winning will also be greater."

"Oh, by the way, I actually wanted to play your song in reverse, but unfortunately I don't know how to haha. And I lied to you just now. It's not called 'Returning Home,' it's called 'Little Star.' This song is too light-hearted and not suitable for war, but I can only play this one."

Gu Peijiu said, "..."

The night breeze was cool.

Gu Peijiu stopped and after a while said, "Don't drink."

Xia Ge suddenly shuddered, "Ah? I didn't drink."

Gu Peijiu looked at her for a while and said, "You're still young, drinking is harmful to your body."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Wait a minute?! That look earlier today...
"Haha...I didn't intentionally go out to drink today," Xia Ge cautiously probed, "Then...why did Senior Sister break the wine pot?"

Gu Peiju: "..."

"I didn't break it," after a long pause, Gu Peiju shook her head, "My hand slipped."
