Thinking about her shameful high-heeled shoes that were over 20 centimeters tall, Xia Ge couldn't bring herself to take them out in front of others.

Instinctively, Xia Ge said, "I don't have any shoes..."

The Spirit Word Ball on the soft couch immediately shook, and the cloaked figure reacted quickly and spoke up. "Tell the truth!"

Only then did Xia Ge realize her mistake and immediately said, "I..."

It was too late!

As soon as Xia Ge finished speaking, the Spirit Word Ball suddenly emitted a dazzling green light! Unlike the simple shaking when Xia Ge said "Summon Town Soul" earlier, the shaking was because Xia Ge had concealed some of the truth but did not lie, so the Spirit Word Ball would shake but not activate. However, just now, when Xia Ge said she had no shoes, she was really lying!

Whether intentional or not, big or small, the Spirit Word Ball would activate as long as it heard a lie and, at the same time, make the liar pay the price of turning lies into reality!

The entire elegant room was enveloped in green light, and Xia Ge's vision went black. A warm sensation covered her eyes. When the dazzling green light subsided after a while, the cloaked figure paused and withdrew his hand.

With nothing blocking her line of sight, Xia Ge's first reaction was to look at her flow silver ring, and sure enough, her high-heeled shoes that were 20 centimeters tall were gone!

She said she had no shoes, and sure enough, there were no shoes.

The Spirit Word Ball was indeed well-deserved.

However, this was not the point. Xia Ge's pupils slightly contracted, and the next moment, she suddenly felt a sharp pain in her stomach!

The price of turning lies into reality!

Damn, it really came true!

Like her intestines were tangled together, waves of pain suddenly struck Xia Ge, and she held her stomach and squatted down. Her face was twisted in pain. "Ah--it hurts so much!"

The cloaked figure quickly put away the Spirit Word Ball in his sleeve, then picked up Xia Ge and placed her on the soft couch. Xia Ge writhed in pain on the couch, her forehead covered in cold sweat. "It's so uncomfortable...so uncomfortable!"

The cloaked figure held down the person rolling around on the couch, speechless for a while. No matter how he calculated, he couldn't have predicted that the Spirit Word Ball would be triggered by such a ridiculous situation. He was puzzled. "...Why did you suddenly lie?"

As he spoke, he was about to take out a pain-relieving pill to feed the person on the bed, but was suddenly pushed away by the person on the bed!

Caught off guard, the pill with a scent wafting from it drew a smooth arc in the air, finally falling to the ground and rolling far away. Xia Ge held her stomach, and the fox mask under her gaze stared at her like an angry fox. "Because I don't believe you!"
"I don't eat food from strangers!"

This feeling... Xia Ge bit her lip tightly, determined to quickly drive this person away.

"You lied to me! Get out of here!" Xia Ge exerted all her strength. "I hate telling the truth! Do you hear me?! I hate being honest! I'm just a liar who likes to lie! I can do whatever I want! Why should I tell you the truth? Who are you? Are you my mother? I don't even know you!"

Perhaps due to the intense pain, Xia Ge's voice changed a bit as she spoke.

The cloaked person remained silent. "I didn't lie to you."

"You're lying!" Xia Ge became unreasonable. "You said you wouldn't hurt me just now! You said it yourself!"

"But I'm in pain now! It's all because of you! You're lying!"

"You go!"

The cloaked person stiffened slightly, and after a while, she whispered, "I'm sorry."

Damn it, what's the use of an apology? Do we still need the police?

"You go! I don't want to see you!"

Hurry up and leave! This feeling...

The cloaked person didn't say anything, but took out a pair of soft cloth boots from the neatly stacked clothes and placed them on the bed. "Wear these later."

Xia Ge was in a hurry and in pain, with sweat almost pouring down her forehead. She was fierce, "I won't..."

The cloaked person seemed to be looking at her, and after a while, said lightly, "You're wanted outside, with a bronze mask and a height of five or six feet."

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly felt that she couldn't say what she wanted to say. Finally, without looking up, she said, "You go... I'll wear them."

The cloaked person didn't say anything else and turned to leave.

The sound of the door opening and closing rang out, and Xia Ge finally breathed a sigh of relief.

Her stomach twisted in pain again, accompanied by a spreading, faint smell of blood. Xia Ge wanted to move, but warm liquid flowed down her legs, and the indescribable feeling made her stiffen all over.

...It's been so damn long, Aunt Flo.

Xia Ge felt utterly annoyed.
So, after she lied, the cost of the speech spirit ball making her shoes disappear was... stomachache and menstrual cramps?!

She had never encountered such a messed up thing!!

However, Xia Ge didn't have time to worry about the pain, because a clear voice came from below-

"The first item! The ancient clothes demon that can suppress the souls of ten thousand ghosts - [Zhen Hun Wu Shuang]!"

"Starting bid, five high-grade spirit stones!"

Even though Xia Ge didn't look, she could hear the cheers below like a tide, as well as shocked and incredulous voices.

"How is this possible? Is it fake?"

"The ancient clothes demon..."

"..."

"Whether it's fake or not, I'll show you all right now!"

It was still the voice of the host wearing a colorful cloak, "Three, two, one, go!"

There seemed to be the sound of some cloth being lifted, and the next moment, a violent, raging spiritual power suddenly swept across all directions! With a strong killing intent and resentment!

"Such a powerful spiritual power fluctuation!"

"Oh my god... it must be real!"

"I've seen a half-god clothes demon before, but it didn't have such a strong fluctuation!"

No... the ancient clothes demon wouldn't have such an outwardly released and arrogant spiritual power fluctuation!

True ancient clothes demons were made of divine souls, and they were self-proclaimed nobles who would never release their spiritual power like a nouveau riche!

You've been fooled!

Xia Ge gritted her teeth and rolled off the soft couch, crawling on the ground while holding her stomach, barefoot and about to run to the glass window. However, after taking a few steps on the cold floor with her bare feet and experiencing the pain in her stomach, she seemed to remember something and subconsciously turned back to look.

The soft cloth boots under the soft couch were quietly placed there.

The noise below was clamorous, with continuous bidding voices rising and falling, people crazily bidding, spirit stones climbing higher and higher, as if as long as they bid for [Zhen Hun], they could soar to the top and be invincible. Desire and revelry seemed to permeate the entire world, blurring everyone's senses.
In Xia Ge's eyes, she only saw a pair of cloth boots under the soft couch, quietly sitting there. The dazzling and colorful glass lamp could not dispel the silence in that corner, like a forgotten loneliness. Xia Ge felt foolish, as her stomach was hurting like there were countless insects turning over inside of it. She had struggled to crawl to the glass window, but ended up holding her stomach in embarrassment and returning to the couch to pick up the boots on the ground. There was even a pair of white socks inside the boots.

Xia Ge silently put on the boots and then bought sanitary pads in the points mall. She quietly changed out of her stained clothes and put on the clothes prepared for her by the other party. The clothes were very comfortable and fitted her perfectly, almost as if they were tailor-made. The fabric was not the rough cloth that she usually wore, but a soft and silky satin.

Her stomach still hurt, so Xia Ge leaned against the soft couch and sat on the ground, finally feeling a little more comfortable. She looked at the cloak person not far away, who had been slapped open by her and had rolled out far away with the sound of the auction below. It felt like a world away.

The red silk in her palm carefully rubbed against her wrist. Since Xia Ge had scolded the cloak person, the red silk had not moved. Now that she had calmed down, it cautiously rubbed against her, as if comforting her. Xia Ge lifted the mask on her face and looked at the red ribbon wrapped around her left hand.

After a while, she said, "Sorry." Xia Ge closed her eyes, feeling a headache. "I had to do that just now."

Her aunt who had not visited for more than a decade suddenly came, and it was in such an embarrassing situation. Even if it was not a stranger, but her mother, she would have kicked her out. She felt ridiculous after saying that. What was the use of telling this charming person? The person couldn't even hear her.

Her stomach still hurt.

The red ribbon rubbed against her, and Xia Ge glanced at it, feeling a bit at a loss. Even though the other party was an unknown stranger, it was still the first time she had met someone who treated her so well. It felt like it was fake.
"No...that's not right...," she muttered to herself, as fragmented and blurry memories flashed through her mind.

There were images of bloodied buns, a girl with empty eyes, and soft whispers.

"That's different, you're my faith," she remembered someone saying.

"Hiss..." The fragments were hazy and broken, and Xia Ge suddenly felt a headache coming on. Just as she was about to try and recall the memories more carefully, the system suddenly interrupted her.

"The auction below seems to be ending," it said.

The sudden announcement broke her train of thought, and she exclaimed in surprise. She looked down and saw that the bidding had already reached eight million high-grade spirit stones, starting from the initial five.

No one else was bidding, which meant that the fake Soul Suppressing Pagoda had found a buyer.

She was curious to see who the unlucky person was, and hurried to the window to take a look. There was a man on stage wearing a flamboyant and exaggerated cloak, holding a crystal hammer and shouting, "Eight million high-grade spirit stones!"

Beside him was a garment covered in semi-transparent black gauze, which was placed firmly on the stage and did not move.

Xia Ge's eyes flickered with a green light as she scanned the transparent black gauze.

[Black Garment Cage: A cage specially designed to imprison ferocious and charming garments, often used to train them.]

So that was it. Although it wasn't a real Soul Suppressing Pagoda, it could still deceive many people into thinking it was an ancient garment, and even make them pay a sky-high price of eight million high-grade spirit stones. Even if it was a fake, it was still a pretty good one.

The question now was, who had bid eight million?

"Is no one else going to bid?!" The man on stage shouted, his voice high and tempting. "This is an ancient garment! As long as you can tame it, no one can match you in the world!"

"Even if you can't tame it, it's still a treasure for your home! Tell me, how many ancient garments are there in the world?! You must understand that this is glory! It's a symbol! It's greatness! It's..."

"One million high-grade spirit stones."
