The girl in his arms suddenly trembled, her eyes reflecting the approaching sword tip. She reached out to grab the sword, but her wrist was suddenly gripped by someone! She instinctively looked at Xia Ge, who was holding her wrist, with astonishment in her eyes.

The coldness of the sword stopped when it touched the bandage on Xia Ge's neck, but the uncontrollable anger and killing intent only grew stronger!

"It seems that Senior Chang didn't plan on doing this in the first place?"

Xia Ge didn't look at the sword pointing at his neck. He held the girl's wrist with his left hand and smiled without any fear, "Let me guess what Senior Chang is thinking... Senior Chang must be thinking..."

"The Chang family has always been friendly with the Chu family in Chang'an. Although the second young lady of the Chu family's main branch made it difficult, as long as Senior Chang asks his cousin, Chang Lan, the representative of Jianfeng's deputy disciple, what problem can't be solved?"

Chang Lu's pupils shrunk slightly, and the hand holding the sword trembled slightly.

"Let me think again..."

Xia Ge smiled innocently, deliberately leaning his neck against the sword tip of Chang Lu, and said in a gentle voice, "Before you figure out how to invite Chang Lan, who is busy with Jianfeng's affairs, to have a drink together..."

"The order of the second young lady of the Chu family must be obeyed, right?"

The young man in a linen robe smiled all over his face, but the kind of intimidating aura emanating from his whole body made people unable to look at him directly.

When Xia Ge leaned towards the sword tip, Chang Lu instinctively withdrew the sword- but then realized that he was afraid!

He... was actually afraid of a little kid who hadn't even grown all his hair!!

Chang Lu's voice became sinister, "Don't force me!"

"I'm not forcing you."

Xia Ge smiled slightly, pressing the head of the trembling girl onto his chest. Her eyes suddenly turned a deep purple, and she stared at Chang Lu's eyes, word by word.

Her voice was cold and condescending.

"You, will kneel down by yourself."

"Senior Chang, go and make all the Danfeng disciples you've bullied kneel down one by one."

The girl, who had her head pressed down, listened to the cold laughter and was confused for a moment. For a moment, she couldn't reconcile this voice with the sunny and cheerful young man she had just seen.

"Thump!" "Clang!"

The sound of knees hitting the ground and the sword falling suddenly sounded, and it sounded very painful just listening to it.
The girl trembled instinctively, feeling the pressure on her head lighten. She stiffly lifted her head and looked towards the nightmare that had haunted her day and night, now kneeling and crawling towards her with a torn wound on his right leg, bleeding profusely and staining his blue and white sword clothes that symbolized the Inner Sect Disciple of Jianfeng. He looked particularly disheveled and ugly.

In an instant, her mind went blank.

...Take advantage of his sorry state and kill him!!

So much humiliation, so much bloodshed, just because she was an Outer Sect Disciple of Danfeng, she was stepped on and pressed into the mud by these Jianfeng disciples who looked down on her - why should she endure it?!

As the sun set in the west, the girl pushed Xia Ge away, enduring the pain in her stomach, picked up her sword and staggered towards Chang Lu, ready to strike!

Chang Lu knelt on the ground, trembling, not daring to resist at all. His arrogance from before had completely disappeared, and all he could see was those purple eyes.

Xia Ge swiftly knocked the girl's wrist with the back of his hand. The girl was already injured and couldn't hold onto her sword properly. With a clang, the long sword fell to the ground. The girl turned around angrily, about to say something, but suddenly felt a sharp pain in the back of her head and everything went black.

Xia Ge swung his hand and knocked her out, then supported the unconscious girl, feeling somewhat helpless.

This little girl seemed very impulsive.

Impulsiveness was the devil.

The Inner Sect Disciples of Jianfeng were all the pride of heaven with their status. It was okay to teach them a lesson with the help of Chu Jia's second miss, but if they were killed, it would really cause big trouble.

"Don't forget what I said, senior brother."

Before leaving with the girl, Xia Ge grinned and added, "Remember to kowtow one by one."

Chang Lu knelt on the ground, trembling at his words. He felt the person slowly leaving and finally felt the instinctive fear subside.

"I... won't... let you go."

Chang Lu knelt on the ground, clutching the medicinal pill tightly in his arms, his heart filled with fear and his face twisted in a grimace. "I... definitely won't let you go -"

However, he felt the person's name slowly fading from his mind and suddenly opened his eyes wide - he couldn't forget!

Kneeling to the heavens, kneeling to the earth, kneeling to his parents, he was the young master of the prestigious Chang family. Why should he kneel to a group of Danfeng trash?!

- Why should he?!
常路的脸上露出一丝嘲讽的笑容，“怎么了？丹峰的小杂碎，想要跟我打一场吗？”

少年面色微变，但还是强忍住怒气，“不敢，我只是路过而已。”

“哦？路过？”常路冷笑，“你手上的宣纸是路过的吗？”

少年顿时尴尬，“这个……”

“不必解释了，”常路打断他，“我也不会和你计较这点小事，你可以走了。”

少年松了口气，连忙离开。常路则收起了嘲讽的笑容，心中却有些疑惑。这个少年为什么手上拿着宣纸？他是不是也在翻译什么东西？常路暗自琢磨，但很快就将这个念头抛到了脑后，他有更重要的事情要做，那就是去找丹峰的弟子算账。
The young man hesitated for a moment, seeing that the other person seemed unsteady on their feet. Finally, he stomped his foot and ran up to him. "You..."

Chang Lu's eyes flashed with a hint of cruelty. "You...little...scum!"

"Thump!"

As he watched the person in front of him kneel down properly, the young man was stunned on the spot. It was only at this moment that he could see clearly who the other person was...

It was actually Chang Lu!

The Chang Lu who loved to bully the outer disciples of Dan Feng!

His knees were sore.

Chang Lu's mind was blank.

Only the voice of the young man, who was smiling slightly, echoed faintly...

Senior Brother Chang, go and apologize to all the Dan Feng disciples you've bullied, one by one.

Who, who was it, and what was he doing?

Chang Lu widened his eyes, and the "scum" in his throat didn't come out for a long time. The young man holding a book in Dan Feng seemed to be stunned as well...

After a long time, he awkwardly said, "...Senior Brother Chang, it's not even New Year's yet..."

After speaking, he felt that something was wrong and closed his mouth awkwardly.

Chang Lu felt a surge of old blood rush to his throat. All the curses he wanted to say were like venomous snakes spitting out, wanting to surge out. However, what came out of his mouth was...

"I'm sorry for what happened before!"

After speaking, Chang Lu's body uncontrollably knocked his head against the young man...

- You have to knock your head one by one.

Chang Lu: "...???"

He...was he possessed?!!!

The young man was startled by his knock. "Oh my god!!! Senior Brother Chang, are you possessed? It's not New Year's yet, so I haven't given you a red envelope!!!"
Although he didn't know the reason, it felt kind of satisfying to see those who used to be arrogant and domineering now kneeling here and apologizing to him.

Chang Lu raised his bloodshot eyes and stared at the foul-mouthed brat in front of him. He would remember him and cut off his head to use as a ball once he recovered from his injuries!

The young man noticed the bloodshot eyes of his opponent and immediately covered his face with a piece of paper, "Senior, have you seen a doctor for your red eyes? Is it contagious?"

Chang Lu: "..."

"Senior, you should go see a doctor if you're sick. I have important matters to attend to - I really don't have any red envelopes." The young man left while constantly looking back at Chang Lu, who was still staring at him with anger.

However, Chang Lu couldn't help but apologize repeatedly, which made him feel even more frustrated. This incident became a laughingstock in Lingxi Peak and a memorable event for a long time.

As for what happened after he took the "Peerless Divine Pill"...

That's another story.

But from then on, no one ever saw the arrogant bully Chang Lu in Danfeng Peak again.

Meanwhile, in the alchemy hall, the red and white-robed girl stood at the head, and Ye Ze, who was summoned by the senior sister, didn't understand why she was called here.

"Ye Ze," Gu Peiju's voice was calm. "How long have you been in Danfeng Peak?"

Ye Ze was slightly surprised, then replied respectfully, "I have been here for three years since I entered the sect."

"..."

Gu Peiju looked at the sunset outside the carved window of the alchemy hall for a long time, and remained silent for a long time.
Just as Ye Ze was completely confused.

"Ye Ze, to be honest, what is your impression of Jianfeng?"
