Xia Ge felt very angry.

She didn't even know what she was angry about.

She was the one who trespassed into the back mountain, and she was also the one who trespassed into the dormitory. No matter what happened here, even if she accidentally died here, she knew she had no right to complain.

- But she still felt angry now.

Maybe it was because she felt helpless, so she felt angry.

However, now was clearly not the time to be angry.

"Roar-"

The C-level puppet rushed towards her with its mouth wide open, and a stream of fire suddenly spewed out. Then other puppets followed suit, and countless fireballs, ice arrows, and sharp spikes came at her face!

Xia Ge glanced at the B-level puppet guarding the platform with the rune stone in its belly, and suddenly activated her Ghost Shadow technique. She flickered like a ghost between the countless ice balls and fire streams, and her scythe skillfully cut off two lines of formation on the ground. Then she rushed towards the puppet pile, her black scythe flying wildly in the midst of the puppets, while the flute sound was ethereal and drove all the puppets.

"Little puppet, can you detect what kind of stone that is?" Xia Ge asked calmly.

System: "It can be detected... It's the teleportation rune stone in the belly of the big puppet. It seems that the ancestor still left a way out for the disciples who accidentally trespassed in."

A way out?

...Indeed.

"How much time is left in the competition?"

Xia Ge swept her scythe, cutting off the head of a puppet. "Do I still have time?"

The system took a while to react before realizing what competition she was talking about.

The entry competition for the Dan Peak!

"Host! You have been delayed here for a day, and there are still two days left in the competition!"

Two days! There were still two days left!

The fasting pill could last for three days, but she didn't have that much leeway.

The situation was already like this, so she could only do her best.
After cutting open a puppet, Xia Ge carefully tucked the red sleeve of Achuan, which she accidentally tore off, into her own sleeve. That was her wedding dress, and if it was damaged, how would she get married?

System: "I can't believe you're still thinking about this. Wait, didn't you already tear it?"

Xia Ge: "I'll give it back to her and she can sew it back on."

System: "...Do you really think she's going to get married? I mean, do you really think she's a bride-to-be from Mo Family Village? Don't you suspect that there's something wrong with her? What's wrong with your brain?"

Xia Ge helplessly replied, "Yes, I do suspect her, but I don't have any evidence."

System: "..."

Xia Ge spoke sincerely, "I'd rather save her and take a stab from her if she's a bad person, than not be able to live with my conscience."

The system couldn't believe it, "You actually have a conscience."

Xia Ge: "..." Why did she suddenly become a heartless person?!

Although she wasn't a model citizen, she still had basic social ethics!

Achuan, who was tied up by vines, slowly opened her eyes and looked down at the young boy who was frantically fighting in the puppet.

She glanced at her torn sleeve.

The red clothes were like flames, and tiny golden threads surrounded them, each containing a terrifying and immense power.

Suppressed yet powerful.

{Spring and Autumn Period}

{Did he move you?}

Of course, the clothes couldn't answer, they just gently fluttered the torn corner.

Achuan didn't mind, just pondered for a moment, then smiled slightly.

Only those who have a sincere heart and blood for their master can move the possessed clothes.

Only a boy like him could move the "Blood-Stained Spring and Autumn" and voluntarily let it tear a piece of cloth.

All she could say was that he really wanted to save her just now.
Even with doubts in her heart, she was willing to save this stranger who she didn't know if was good or evil, and only had a chance encounter with.

With sincerity and passion, she ignored everything.

She quietly watched Xia Ge fight in the puppets for a while.

The girl in the red wedding dress laughed softly, "It seems that your disciples..."

"...aren't all so annoying."

==

Xia Wu Yin disappeared without a trace, and Ye Ze only realized it two days before the competition began.

Firstly, the other party had been holed up inside and not coming out.

Although they didn't come out of the house, they would at least come out every morning to buy buns and cakes. But for two consecutive days, Ye Ze hadn't seen them leave the house.

...Could they have been studying too hard and fainted?

Although Ye Ze didn't think Xia Wu Yin, that brat who was always in debt to the heavens and the earth, would suddenly become a bookworm who forgot to eat and sleep overnight, he still decided to go and check on them, and see their progress.

He knocked on the door for a long time, but no one answered. He called out for a long time, but no one responded. Ye Ze felt uneasy, and decisively kicked open the wooden door--

It was empty.

The alchemy book was left casually on the table, clean like Xia Wu Yin's face, which didn't look like someone who had ever neglected eating and sleeping.

Ye Ze: "..."

Dan Feng, study.

Ye Ze paced back and forth at the door for a long time.

He searched the taverns, the mountains and forests, and even the Mo family village three miles away. The newly opened tavern had inexplicably closed down, and naturally there was no sign of Xia Wu Yin.

It was as if they had evaporated from the world, suddenly leaving no trace. Even asking the villagers yielded no information.

Although he knew the chances were slim, Ye Ze still went to the place where Gu Pei Jiu often corrected papers.

"Who's outside?"
A cold voice came from the study, without any fluctuations.

Yè Zé's heart tightened slightly, "Disciple... Yè Zé."

"... "

The person inside was silent for half a second.

"Come in."

"Yes."

Yè Zé pushed open the door and entered. The study was well-kept, with clear sunlight streaming in from the window. The girl in the Danfeng plain clothes had her soft black hair tied up with a red hairband. She held a wolf brush in her delicate hand and looked at the scroll. Her long eyelashes were dyed with the golden sunlight, and her moist lips were slightly pursed, as if she had encountered some difficulty.

"What's the matter?" Gu Peijiu put down her brush on the brush holder, her voice light.

"Sister, I want to ask... has Xia Wuyin come to see you recently?" Yè Zé hesitated for a moment, "I..."

"Not at all." Gu Peijiu paused slightly, her long eyelashes drooping, her voice calm, "Have you seen him? When?"

Yè Zé then recounted all the strange behavior and disappearance time of Xia Wuyin that he had seen.

"Sister." At the end, the young man in coarse clothes hesitated and asked, "Did Xia Wuyin sign up for the entry competition? "

Regardless of which peak of Lingxiu Sect, the entry competition must be personally registered by the participant three days before the start of the competition.

The wind outside the window rustled, carrying the faint fragrance of oleander into the study.

Gu Peijiu lowered her eyelids, her slender jade fingers stroking the slightly wrinkled pages of the scroll, and finally lightly stroked the last name with faded ink marks. Her voice was light and ethereal, "He signed up."

"Did he register in person? When?" Yè Zé asked unconsciously, and then felt silly.

If an internal disciple of Danfeng Peak did not hold a jade pendant, they could not register.

Gu Peijiu did not speak, but the young man inexplicably breathed a sigh of relief, looking completely relieved, "If he registered in person... that's good."

"..." Gu Peijiu looked at him.

Yè Zé looked up at her, his gaze clear and firm, "If he intends to do it seriously, I believe he will do it well."

Gu Peijiu was silent for a while, and then said nonchalantly, "But he's gone now."
"But he will come back," said Ye Ze, "since he has signed up this time, it means he has already promised me."

Xia Wuyin, although idle and lazy, with a tendency to procrastinate and speak rudely, was not someone easy to like.

But...

"He never promises to do something he can't do."

"Sister Master, as long as Xia Wuyin has promised to do something, even if it means risking his life, he will do it."

The young man's eyes were clear: "I believe he will come."

"Well then," Gu Peiju paused, then said casually, "tomorrow is the entrance exam for Jianfeng, you don't have to participate, but you should still go and watch."

"Yes! Thank you for your concern, Sister Master!"

Ye Ze left, it seemed that knowing Xia Wuyin had personally signed up for the competition made him very happy and reassured.

The sky was clear, and the fragrance of oleander seemed to be permeated with indescribable poison. The girl in red and white maple clothing lightly brushed the last name on the scroll with her jade finger.

- Xia Wuyin.

Ye Ze said he was a man who kept his promises.

Does signing up mean he has fulfilled his promise to Ye Ze?

"Like this..."

Gu Peiju closed her eyes and slowly closed the scroll, taking out the dragon-shaped jade pendant with half a corner missing from her sleeve.

The jade pendant was ferocious, but because it was missing a corner, it had a childish and ridiculous meaning.

- She did not give a direct answer to Ye Ze just now.

Because this name was added by herself later.

Xia Wuyin did not come back to sign up.

"If someone else gave you a promise," the girl seemed to be talking to herself, her voice cold, "would you keep it?"

She paused.
"...Something's not right."

She put down the jade pendant and walked to the window. Outside, a large clump of white frangipani bloomed brightly, particularly eye-catching.

She remembered the Dan Ge Creek, where the young man with green hair had smiled at her with relaxed eyes.

He had promised her.

"Don't worry, there won't be any problems!"

The girl's voice was faint, as if murmuring to herself.

"This is the promise you made to me."

The dossier had already been approved.

"Miss," a low voice sounded outside the study, "We've searched the back mountain thoroughly, but we haven't found any trace of anyone except for the demon puppets and the phantom spirits."

The girl in the crimson maple robe spoke coldly.

"Keep looking."

"Yes!"

==

The night breeze was cool.

When Chu Yao finished practicing her sword, took a shower, and finished packing up, Xiaoying's voice sounded.

"Miss, tomorrow is the entry-level competition for new disciples at the Sword Peak... Do you want to go watch?"

Xiaoying's voice had a hint of probing.

Even though the candidates for the Sword Peak's entry-level competition should attend, the young miss usually didn't go, using her own words:

"They're all a bunch of pathetic rookies, there's nothing worth seeing."

But this year's competition would also feature the esteemed young master from the Chang family.

Xiaoying thought about it and her voice had a hint of persuasion. "Miss, you should go this time. The head of the family wants you to take care of things..."
"Take care of him?"

Chu Yao looked at the slender and cold Frost Sword hanging on the wall beside her. Under the moonlight, the sword emitted a faint glow, as if in a dream. A cold smile appeared on the corner of her lips, revealing a sharp tiger tooth.

"Xiao Qing, I never take care of trash."

With just one sentence, Xiao Qing's words were choked in her throat. She couldn't say anything, and after a while, she could only awkwardly say, "The young master of the Chang family is young and has excellent sword skills..."

"I will go."

Chu Yao casually withdrew her gaze, her brown eyes shining with an inexplicable light.

"No need to say more, go rest."

"......Yes."

Xiao Qing was stunned, a little unbelievable that Chu Yao suddenly agreed. But she immediately breathed a sigh of relief. Anyway, it was good that she agreed.

Just as she was about to turn around and leave, she suddenly heard her young miss's voice as if nothing had happened.

"Wait, have you seen the list of participants for this competition?"

Xiao Qing stopped in her tracks. "Yes..."

"Are there any surnamed Xia?"

Xiao Qing struggled to remember. "There seem to be a few... Which one are you referring to, young miss?"

"It's nothing, just asking. You can go back now. I will go."

"......Oh."

As Xiao Qing left, she muttered to herself. Surnamed Xia? There isn't any famous Xia family...
