"What rank can freely travel between countries without restrictions?"

Ciel straightforwardly asks what would be necessary for their future activities. Yeah, they must be asking for the rank of either A or S that they were told was necessary. I think they just became B-rank recently. And there were a lot of things that happened before they became B-rank.

By becoming B-rank, they can go to the central region and also move freely to other countries from there, but the meaning of "freedom" is slightly different. If they become B-rank, they can literally go to the central region freely. Besides, people who can become B-rank are those who won't cause any problems even if they go to the central region, so to speak.

People who cause only problems cannot become B-rank. However, there may be people who cause problems only after becoming B-rank.

Although they can also freely go to other countries from the central region, it is not necessarily free beyond that. B-rank hunters are said to be able to handle lower nobles, but on the other hand, they cannot go against the words of upper nobles. If they become B-rank hunters, they may be taken over by the country, and they will not have the luxury of doing things like sightseeing.

To avoid that, it is common to be dispatched from the headquarters, but then they will naturally have to do the work of the Hunter Association. Carol-san and the fools' gathering were sent to Estork.

In other words, B-rank is not enough to create a foundation for moving freely throughout the continent without using Fii-sama's name. However, if they become A-rank hunters, they will become like upper nobles in terms of contribution and ability.

If they become A-rank individually, it's like asking to be given a marquisate in other countries. Ciel hasn't said that yet.

"I want to say S-rank, but A-rank is the most mobile, I suppose. Going up to S-rank will make them stand out too much. This is the balance between free movement and convenience in each country."

"Then let's make them A-rank hunters first."

"If that's enough, we can do it right away."

"...What are the duties of an A-rank hunter?"

As they were surprisingly accepted so easily, Ciel asks with a wary look. Even if I were negotiating, they would be wary. After all, this person's expression is hard to read. There must be something behind this quick consent, and if the restrictions from the Hunter Association are strict even without interference from other countries, it's meaningless.

"If you can complete a certain number of requests, that's fine. Extreme cases, if you can complete A-rank requests, once a year is enough. You can do whatever you want after that. But if Cielmer-sama is an A-rank, you may be less likely to be bothered."

"If that happens, I'll fight back."

"I'd like you to go easy on them, though..."

"Isn't it their own responsibility?"

If it's inevitable for Ciel to be bothered because of their appearance, then it's inevitable that they will fight back if they are bothered. After all, as hunters, they have to protect themselves, so they can argue that they are disqualified as hunters if they misjudge Ciel's abilities. If anything, if I just put up a sloppy barrier, it would be enough to intimidate them.

"If you want to reduce the damage, you have to take care of it yourself... that's certainly true."

"I probably won't kill them. I don't know anything beyond that. Additional condition: Don't raise the rank to S-rank without permission." 

Ravelt starts to say something, but stammers and distorts their expression slightly. From their reaction, they probably said that they cannot raise the rank without permission. Normally, that would be the case, but unfortunately, there is no trust in that regard. After all, they were not allowed to become B-rank because of their age.

If they think they can use them, they might just raise their rank to S-rank on their own.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"Additionally, allow hunters ranked A and below to freely identify themselves. And apply the above to Ain and me," said Ciel.

"Identify as A and below...is that so?" Lavelte was initially caught off guard by the first part, but Ciel mentioned my name so boldly. I may be able to be useful if I am able to change my appearance, but I wonder if it would be better for me to register separately. However, if the top knows about it, I can always say "check with Lavelte" if something happens.

Well, I think Ciel's demands in the first half are quite reasonable. To the point where they want to turn a blind eye to my existence. Allowing hunters ranked A and below to identify themselves means that the guild recognizes rank fraud. I don't remember if double certification was prohibited, but it is definitely not recommended, and being ranked A and below is beyond double certification.

Ciel's argument is that having a rank that matches their appearance will reduce the likelihood of being targeted. Lavelte is probably aware of that as well. Although it can be easily abused, I don't think Ciel will do so.

I feel like I would do anything if I were involved, but if I knew that it would help Ciel, I wouldn't hesitate to abuse it.

"Understood. However, please refrain from accepting requests ranked C and below," said Lavelte.

"Got it. And what about Ain and Ainsel?" asked Ciel.

Lavelte looked at Fii-sama with a troubled expression in response to Ciel's words. Ciel is in a mode where they only speak the minimum amount, making it difficult to ask about my existence. So it's best to seek help from Fii-sama.

I don't know how Fii-sama will answer, though.

"Well, well. I cannot trust you enough to tell you easily. However, I can say that you can consider them my other child. They have specialized abilities, but they are on par with me," said Fii-sama.

Lavelte had a distant look when Fii-sama said "on par." This person may also be in a difficult position. Although the Hunter's Association does not have a good image, I have seen many people in the position of struggling to compensate for the bad parts. Therefore, there are not necessarily people with a good impression when viewed individually.

And the worst was probably the guild in Estoc Capital. The guilds in many towns I visited before were ultimately favorable towards Ciel.

"...Since Cielmer-sama always parties with them, let's make an exception and recognize them," said Lavelte.

"Oh, Lavelte. You understand what's going on," said Fii-sama.

"This land is something that you have lent to us. I intend to respect that. If you say black, even white will be black here," said Lavelte.

"No, no. That's not it. If I say black, and you say white, you'll just be kicked out," said Fii-sama.

"That's right."

I can't help but think that these two have a good relationship. It's like a student who can't raise their head to their mentor even if they become great. In any case, it seems that my hunter status has been recognized.

"Why is it so easy to recognize them?" asked Ciel.

As Ciel said, I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm still curious about what's behind it if they're recognized so easily. If it's compensation for the trouble, then so be it, but it still seems like a high treatment. Lavelte looked at Ciel as if to assess them.

"As the child of Fiiyanamia-sama, they are more than capable. And we cannot deny someone who has been recognized by Fiiyanamia-sama. In addition, there is no one below A rank who can do what they have done, such as solving the problem of artificial monster infestation alone, solo subjugation of mysterious monsters, and extermination of wyverns due to natural monster infestations. Considering their age, there may be complaints, but considering the trouble they have caused, let's recognize them," said Lavelte.

It was already at the level of being promoted to A rank in terms of contribution. When it was listed again, I think I am working harder than most A ranks. If that's the case, then it might be okay to trust them for now. And Fii-sama's presence is also significant. If Fii-sama recognizes them, then I don't think Ciel or I would betray her trust. Even if there is something behind this incident, it is too risky to do it in the center when Fii-sama is involved.


 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"Or rather, if that's the plan, then I think Mother already knows," Ain spoke.

"Understood. Then I will find and punish the person who tried to use me among the Hunter Association executives," Ciel replied.

"That won't be a problem."

Ain had expected this. The previous guild leader seemed to have been receiving instructions or permission from higher-ups. This could be an opportunity to completely reorganize the organization, which would increase the likelihood of Ciel being able to live peacefully. It wouldn't be a bad thing for the Hunter Association either.

<<It seems negotiations will end without incident.>>
<<It was easier than I thought.>>
<<It may have been anticlimactic, but if it's the form that Ciel desires, then isn't it good?>>
<<Yes. With this, Ain will be able to go out in public as she likes.>>

Ciel's aim in speaking so happily was probably that. Since they had come to the center, Ain had been thinking that she should reduce the number of times she borrowed Ciel's body, but it seemed that Ciel had taken action first. However, considering that their lifespan would eventually run out, it might not be necessary to think so much about "Ciel's time."

"Hmm..."

"I have also prepared some money, although it may not be necessary, please take it," Ain said.

"I don't need money. It will probably increase soon. So, use that money to gather information," Ciel replied.

"What kind of information?"

"About the artificial God's envoy. It doesn't matter where. If we find them, we'll defeat them."

"Cielmer-sama, you will take action yourself?"

"Our goal."

"Understood."

Ravelt seemed to be impressed for some reason, probably because they were taking the lead in defeating the estimated A-class demon. This was a matter of mutual interest. They had no intention of being used by the Hunter Association, but if the artificial God's envoy was the opponent, they would prioritize that. The Hunter Association could maintain a certain level of strength with one confirmed battle force against unknown demons.

Although Ain said they were a confirmed battle force, they had been useless last time...they were losing confidence. Just because they had gained the power of a god didn't mean they could relax and not be tripped up again.

After finishing their business, Ciel followed Ain's mother as she left. It would be good to ask where the people who had helped them in Estok were, but they could do that tomorrow or the day after. For now, they had time to use.

For the time being, it seemed like a good idea to go to Viviana's hometown as soon as possible, so they would talk to Ciel about it tonight.

On the way back, Ain's mother suddenly spoke up. "It was good that you told them to punish the person who tried to use Ciel."

"Do you think so?"

"Yes, yes. Thanks to that, we'll be able to resolve the problem soon."

"Even Fii has problems?"

"Well, yes. It's a small matter, but...we might find out soon."

She said something ambiguous, but despite her words, Ain's mother had a happy expression and didn't explain further.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

