Summer put the materials for the fasting pill and the two successfully refined golden pills that her senior sister had given her into the flowing silver ring. She hugged the brand new alchemy book that her senior sister had given her, feeling extremely happy from the bottom of her heart.

Feeling good, Summer didn't take any shortcuts when she went down the mountain, and walked down the blue stone steps.

The main road of Dan Peak was built with 999 blue stone steps, winding and twisting to the top of Dan Peak. It was convenient to walk, but it was truly a test of one's endurance to complete it.

However, it was easier to go down the mountain than to go up. Summer followed the stream halfway down the mountain and took the right path down.

People were coming and going on the blue stone steps, and Summer saw many unfamiliar faces. Some of them were very young, and didn't even have the red hairband of Dan Peak.

"These are all new disciples recruited by Dan Peak, right?"

Summer looked at the young faces passing by her one by one, and rubbed her chin. "It seems that this year's competition will be very lively."

Time passed so quickly when she was being lazy.

Just as Summer was about to leave, a strange feeling suddenly entered her heart.

She suddenly stopped in her tracks, placed her hand on her chest, what was this feeling...?

The feeling of being emotionally involved when she had just made the glass puppet?

The glass puppet was nearby!

Summer suddenly turned her head, but all she saw were unfamiliar faces of children who hadn't even entered the door yet. There wasn't a single "acquaintance" she had imagined.

And that feeling had just flashed by.

Summer stood still.

"Little puppet, is the glass puppet nearby?"

The system hesitated. "Just now...I felt something?"

A faint green light flashed in Summer's eyes as she scanned the crowd.

——[Puppet Detection]

【None】

There was no puppet.
There was no level panel for the puppet, nothing at all.

But in that moment just now, it couldn't have been an illusion.

The system thought for a moment, "Perhaps the other party used a white charm that hides the puppet master's aura. With the charm, even puppet reconnaissance would not be able to detect it."

Xia Ge closed the puppet reconnaissance and rubbed her chin. "This is very interesting..."

During the time when Lingxi Peak was recruiting disciples, did the Qianhun Sect send someone to act as a spy?

However, with the short and small stature of Bai Luo and the two doll-like faces, painting their pale faces black and assuming a false identity would indeed make it easy for them to pass unnoticed.

She wanted to plant a puppet in the demonic sect, but due to a careless mistake caused by distance, she never thought that things would take such a turn. She really didn't know whether to be happy or worried.

The system hesitated, "Host... what do you plan to do...?"

Xia Ge said, "There's nothing to plan."

"But it's a bit strange."

She thought for a moment, frowned, and said, "Speaking of which, is there anything about the demonic sect in the part where Ye Ze is on Lingxi Peak in the book?"

In the early stages of "Endless Wind and Moon," the Qianhun Sect was only like a background presence, mostly just explaining that there was a very powerful demonic sect that could help the protagonist level up in the later stages. In the early stages when the male lead had not yet become powerful, it was really just a prop-like existence.

"Host, I don't remember some parts of the plot," the system reminded her. "Some functions are damaged and can only be restored by constantly upgrading, but you must follow the plot..."

Xia Ge rolled her eyes towards the sky.

A system that doesn't remember the plot requires her to follow the plot? Nonsense.

If it weren't for her being too lazy to bother with so much, and following the plot was easier and wouldn't cause any unknown butterfly effects, she would have already turned the world upside down.

But in the future, out of her humanitarian spirit, some of the ridiculous plots in the book really needed to be changed.

Since she couldn't find where the disguised Bai Luo was, Xia Ge just went along with it. After all, the time will come for him to cause trouble, there's no need to rush.

Thinking this way, Xia Ge relaxed and continued to walk leisurely down the mountain.

"Hey, by the way, Little Puppet, why do you always make me follow the plot?"

"I don't know, but you must follow the plot."
"这样很可疑啊你。"

"......"

"小傀？诶，别不说话啊，我开玩笑的。"

"......"

"你不说话我很无聊的......"

"......"

"唉，算了。"

带着些遗憾，夏歌回了自己的小窝，回去的第一件事，洗洗睡觉。

系统：“......”

等等，你不是有很多事情要办吗？！

洗洗睡是个什么骚操作？！

窗外刚刚正午，阳光正盛，门虽然关得紧，但是刺眼的阳光还是从破了洞的纸窗里照进来，很是明亮。

不过上有政策下有对策。

“啊……真舒服。”

夏歌找到上次蒙眼的布条把眼睛蒙好，伸了个懒腰，在床上规规矩矩地躺好，舒舒服服地长叹了一声，“要是人能一辈子躺床上该多好啊。”

系统：“......”

“虽然你不想搭理我，但我其实很相信你的，小傀。”夏歌在被子底下缩起来，打了个哈欠，“好困……”

系统顿了顿：“睡觉吧你，废话真多。”

夏歌做了一个昏昏沉沉的梦。

梦里有人摸着她的脸，声音轻灵飘渺。

“......我来做你的千军万马。”
"Please, don't leave me."

The murmured voice faded away, replaced by a clear and lively girl's voice singing a cheerful yet incomprehensible nursery rhyme that gave people a headache.

"Lost on the road, not knowing the way back..."

"Silly girl, wooden head, wearing a string of sugar-coated haws; making sugar figures, making dragon figures, scattering beans to make wooden figures... Generals and nobles guarding the yellow earth, waiting for their bones to return to dust - giggle, giggle, giggle..."

"Giggle, giggle, giggle..."

Are you a chicken? Why are you giggling like that?

And wait a minute, are sugar-coated haws made of wood and worn by the girl? Come over here and let's talk about life!

These songs are all nonsense!

A sudden feeling of suffocation arose, and Xia Ge took off the cloth strip on her eyes and rubbed her temples, feeling a little headache. She looked at the sky and realized that she had slept straight from noon until midnight.

"What kind of nonsense are they singing..."

System: "???"

Xia Ge: "It's nothing, just had a dream."

She got up and quickly changed her clothes.

The system looked a little confused, "What are you doing?"

Xia Ge put on her night clothes over her undergarments, naturally.

"I'm going to do something."

System: "..."

Xia Ge put on the Ghost Dragon Jade and rolled up her sleeves. "I don't believe that the glass wood from the back mountain could disappear overnight. Even if it's really powerful, it should still have some flaws, right?!"

System: "Do you have to find it? Why not just go to the neighboring carpenter's house and make a wooden box?"

Xia Ge looked serious, "Because only the glass wood can show my sincerity that I didn't mean to break the Ghost Dragon Jade."

System: "..."
"No, the glass wooden box has nothing to do with you intentionally breaking the jade dragon, no matter how magnificent it is, really."

Xia Ge sneaked to the back mountain, avoiding the surveillance of the Sword Peak with ease. "Besides, Xiao Kui, have you heard of the story of buying a casket and getting a pearl?"

The system: "..."

It admits defeat.

Thus, Xia Ge began to live a nocturnal life, sleeping during the day and searching for the glass wood at night. However, the results were minimal.

The system tried to persuade her, "You can't find the glass wood in the back mountain, why bother going there?"

Xia Ge replied, "I don't know."

The system: "..."

Xia Ge continued, "At first, I thought I could find it. Now that I can't, I feel like there's nowhere else to go at night."

Oh, so you're saying that you can't adjust to the day and night schedule for the time being, and you don't want to adjust, so you're just playing in the back mountain?

The system: "Can't you just read a book at home?"

Xia Ge replied, "It's too expensive to light candles. I'm poor."

The system: "You'll have to pay for it sooner or later in the back mountain."

Xia Ge hummed twice but didn't say anything.

In fact, she didn't know why, but she felt like there was something in the back mountain that was attracting her these days. It wasn't the glass wood, but something else.

Xia Ge looked at the bright moon outside, and her heart began to beat slightly.

...She had to go.

Meanwhile, Ye Zeyi found it strange that Xia Wu Yin, who lived next door, seemed to have transformed into a hermit. Except for rushing out to buy buns and cakes every morning, he rarely left his house. He didn't even come to drink with him or hunt for bird eggs anymore.

He looked like he was studying hard, with a determined attitude as if he was studying by candlelight and stealing light from fireflies.
Ye Ze was somewhat relieved.

It seemed that his words were not said in vain that day, as the kid had still listened to him to some extent. These days, he had been studying hard in his room, just like Ye Ze did back in the day.

It was inconvenient to disturb him like this.

In fact,

During the day in the room,

The blank new Dan book that Gu Peiju gave Xia Ge was casually thrown on the table. Xia Ge, who was studying hard, turned over in bed and naturally hugged the wooden pillow, rubbing it and drooling, "It seems like the smell of roasted chicken... so fragrant... I want to eat..."

System: "......"

At night,

Xia Ge almost treated the back mountain as her own backyard.

The patrolling Jianfeng disciples were like wooden people under her ghostly movements, completely unaware of any abnormalities.

After much hardship, she finally dug out a small piece of crystal wood from a clump of weeds under a fir tree. Xia Ge stared at the fingernail-sized crystal wood, which glowed slightly in the moonlight, in silence for a while.

The system couldn't bear it: "Let it go, it's still a child."

Xia Ge grinned, "I dug this out from the back mountain for several days. You want me to let it go? If I let it go, who will let me go?"

System: "......"

So why did you have to use crystal wood?

Confused.jpg

But it was clearly impossible for the fingernail-sized crystal wood to grow overnight.

As the system was thinking, it suddenly heard Xia Ge's soft voice, "Doraemon..."

The system replied calmly, "The plant growth solution is available in the points mall, but it only works on ordinary plants. It's useless for spirit wood. If you want spirit plant growth solution... you might as well just buy a surprise gift box."

While the system was speaking, Xia Ge had already opened the points mall and scanned over the astounding 0 behind the "Spirit Plant Growth Solution," then silently closed it.

Indeed, in this world, poor people had no way out.
But she couldn't bear it.

Xia Ge stared at the small piece of glass wood shining in the bushes. "How many points can it sell for?" she asked.

"The price is only 1 point," the system replied.

The glass wood was just a child, so please spare it.

"Eating it is tasteless, but wasting it is a pity," Xia Ge sighed and stood up. "It's useless."

Just as Xia Ge was lamenting, a low, unknown sound suddenly came from deep within the forest.

The silence was absolute, and even the sound of cicadas was absent from the back mountain. This sudden cry sounded particularly abrupt and eerie.

It was then that Xia Ge realized that, in her search for the glass wood, she had unknowingly ventured deeper into the back mountain.

No wonder she couldn't find any glass wood around the outskirts after searching for several days, but found a small plant here.

She had to leave here quickly!

Xia Ge stood up, ready to use her Ghost Shadow technique, when suddenly a piercing scream rang out. Several black silhouettes suddenly appeared from the dark bushes, carrying a rolling killing intent as they rushed towards her!

"Ao--"

"Ao--Wu--"

Xia Ge's eyes flashed with a hint of sternness. The silver light on her tail ring flashed, and a huge sickle suddenly appeared. She grabbed the handle of the sickle and swung it mercilessly towards the tree in front of her. The cedar tree with the glass wood growing at its base was cut in half by the gleaming sickle. Xia Ge leaped up, kicked the trunk, and sent it flying towards the black shadows. Using the momentum from her Ghost Shadow technique, she quickly left her original position. Several swords were heard clashing, and where she had just been standing was now riddled with sword marks. The broken cedar tree slowly fell, like dominoes, breaking another one, then three or four more, until the last cedar tree was uprooted and lifted off the ground. With a loud bang, the entire area was a mess!
