No matter how bad the system is, it's a sure thing that there's no way to shake hands and make peace with this dragon now. The hatred between them is irreconcilable, and it seems that either one of them will die in this situation.

The green dragon had suffered for a while and then slammed its tail with an iron chain, causing huge waves in the green water. Xia Ge grabbed Chu Yi and dived into the water, struggling against the strong current and even choking on some water. The water in the pool was the blood of the dragon, and because she had swallowed the dragon's inner core, Xia Ge, who was usually not good at swimming, was surprisingly comfortable in the dragon blood. She felt no discomfort in breathing.

When the wave passed, Xia Ge was ready to swim up, but suddenly she saw something flashing under the heavy green water.

The light attracted her and made her unable to resist the urge to go and see.

"Boom!"

The water surged!

It turned out that the dragon had also entered the water!

Xia Ge felt that something was wrong, so she dragged Chu Yi and rushed out of the water, and finally reached the small stone where she had been before, the only place that was not submerged in water, and placed Chu Yi there.

She put down the acacia wrapped around her hand and whispered, "Take care of her."

Acacia rubbed her hand back and forth, feeling somewhat uneasy.

"You take care of her," Xia Ge whispered, "I'll be fine."

In a few words, the dragon that had just dived into the water had already emerged from the water again! The burnt black wound on its neck was soaked in the dragon blood pool, and when it emerged again, there was no trace of blackness at all, and it was completely unharmed!

As the dragon emerged from the stone pool, the wet green water splashed all over the place, and Chu Yi choked on some water and seemed to be waking up. Xia Ge quickly bought some medicine from the mall and fed it to her, and Chu Yi fell asleep again.

After feeding her, Xia Ge was a little worried, "Is there really no side effect?"

The system replied, "Do you really think I have a conscience after feeding her?"

Xia Ge said, "I can't explain it if she wakes up."

The system asked, "Wait a minute... what do you want to do?"

First, she had to stay alive, and then worry about conscience.

"Roar!"

The dragon was furious at the behavior of the ants below who did not take it seriously. It roared, "You dare to defy me!"

Then, a different kind of emerald green flame surged out!
The green flames were accompanied by countless skulls and a strong resentment, making it as terrifying as ghostly flames!

Xia Ge lifted her eyes, her pitch-black pupils reflecting the blazing flames: "I want to... take a gamble."

System: "Wha..."t?

Before the system could finish its sentence, Xia Ge leaped up and pulled out the sickle she had previously placed in her ring. She avoided the green flames and once again plunged into the blood of the stone pool crocodile!

Meanwhile, Xiangsi blocked the green flames for Chu Yi! However, the green flames were not like ordinary fire, they were sticky. As Xia Ge passed by, even the surface of the water was burning with green flames. Xiangsi was also contaminated with the flames, and the black smoke and skulls in the flames twisted and distorted, like festering sores attached to bones, unable to be extinguished!

Xia Ge dived into the water, unaware of the ferocity of the flames outside. She stared firmly at the faint light at the bottom of the pool.

The crocodile outside roared. It only wanted the person who stole its inner core to die without a burial place. It plunged into the water, but a red light, dense and interwoven like electricity, turned into a red net in the blink of an eye. The net was faintly burning with the unquenchable ghostly flames. It hit the red net head-on and in the blink of an eye, black scorch marks appeared on the crocodile's head!

It was Xiangsi!

The crocodile roared in anger, "What are you?!"

Underwater.

Xia Ge swam very fast. At first, she didn't feel anything in just a moment, but as she stayed underwater for a long time, problems began to arise.

It was hot.

As if something was burning her.

The feeling of being at home in the water disappeared.

Xia Ge choked on a few mouthfuls of water, and the dragon core in her lower abdomen began to heat up abnormally, and her body also began to heat up abnormally.

System: "This is bad! Get out of here quickly!"

"What's wrong?" Xia Ge asked.

The system said, "The blood of the crocodile and the dragon core will resonate with each other! It feels that your physical condition is not right and will automatically refine your body!"

"It's too late--"

Xia Ge gritted her teeth and swam to the bottom of the deep water. She saw the glowing object and her eyes widened: "This is..."

The glowing object at the bottom was a formation.
In the center of the formation is a flute.

The flute is covered in layers of green moss, making it impossible to see its original form. However, the flute emits a soft white light from within the dirty green moss, making people curious to explore its secrets.

What caught Xia Ge's attention was not the jade flute that exuded a demonic aura, but the formation that sealed the flute.

This formation condensed the power from the blood of the Jiao, making it the source of the formation and sealing the jade flute.

The burning sensation in Xia Ge's body grew stronger. The system said, "Don't look at it!! Leave this place quickly! You can't endure this kind of tempering right now!"

Xia Ge endured it and said, "No... this formation..."

The system asked, "What about the formation?"

Xia Ge replied, "I saw three formations in the Ancestor's Tomb."

The system was stunned.

The first one was the Gathering Spirit Formation, which allowed Xia Ge to shine in the Dan Peak entrance exam and refine the Three-Life Golden Pill to become a special student.

Xia Ge had also studied the other two formations when he had nothing to do, but he couldn't figure them out. Unlike the Gathering Spirit Formation, the second and third formations seemed to require certain conditions.

The system's voice sounded unusually panicked for some reason, "Don't worry about that now! Let's talk about it next time! You should leave now--"

Outside the water, the roar of the Jiao Dragon was like a death knell.

The burning sensation in Xia Ge's body became more obvious. The Jiao Dan in his Dantian, which didn't belong to him, spun rapidly, releasing a strange power. His muscles began to ache abnormally. Xia Ge gritted his teeth and said, "You're right, I can't beat it."

The system remained silent.

"I think you're right," Xia Ge endured the pain that felt like his muscles were being restructured, knelt in front of the formation, and trembled as he lightly touched the edge of the formation, "I can't beat it, so leaving means death, but staying gives me a glimmer of hope."

If he worked hard, he would get results!

The pain in his body brought about a tempering of his soul.

In an instant, something vague flashed through his mind.

The twinkling stars in the sky, the flashing fireflies, the little girl in tattered clothes holding a water chestnut, crying in pain...

What is this?
For a moment, Xia Ge lost her focus, but the angry roar of the green dragon outside brought her back to reality. This was clearly not the time to be distracted!

System: "What do you want to do?"

Xia Ge: "I don't know."

The system was stunned: "...huh?"

Enduring the excruciating pain as if her bones were being torn apart, Xia Ge tremblingly traced the formation that sealed the flute, slowly drawing the second formation, which was similar to the first one. This was a gamble without certainty. Xia Ge didn't even know what the significance of it was, or what might happen, but she had no choice.

Xia Ge knew that this was a very dangerous formation. It used the blood of a dragon, which was about to become a god, to seal a flute of unknown origin. The blood's power was used as the source of the formation, and the dragon's essence was locked within.

System: "...wait, you want to break this seal?!"

Yes.

Winning meant living.

The pain became more intense, almost blurring everything in front of her. Xia Ge almost instinctively drew the second formation that she had memorized. The voice in her ear was not the system's, nor was it the angry roar of the trapped dragon outside, but a gentle and somewhat shy voice of a girl -

"I have a girl that I like..."

One stroke at a time.

The complex and intricate formations, along with the formation that sealed the flute, were like two twin flowers, about to bloom brilliantly in the pool of dragon's blood.

- Dou Dou.

The last stroke was only a hair's breadth away from the first.

Suddenly, Xia Ge's hand stopped.

A flash of life, as if it were a dream.

- Who is the girl you like?

In an instant, a scorching sensation burned in her lower abdomen, and the fire spirit energy from her fingertips seeped out. In the blink of an eye, that hair's breadth was filled in!
The formation was like a pair of twin flowers, interlocking and then slowly unraveling inch by inch.

"You cannot die," someone said.

The water churned and roiled.

Endless pain was inflicted on the soul through the body, and the system was shocked. "You actually..."

Win and live.

Xia Ge murmured, "...lose and die."

But she didn't want to die at all.

Who can save her?

"...hehehe...lose and die..."

Almost at the moment when the jade flute seal was released, a strange and somewhat eerie laughter appeared.

"I won't let you die..."

What? What is this thing?

The pain in her body and the confusion in her mind made Xia Ge feel a bit disoriented.

Anyone... anyone can...

She had promised someone before... not to die.

"So... accept me?"

"My name is..."

"Roar!"

Outside the water pool, the lovesickness twisted a few times, golden light flickered, and in an instant, the holy light suddenly scattered and drove away the green ghost fire from its body. The dragon broke through the lovesickness net and rushed towards the underwater. But in the brilliant moment of the golden light, it seemed to be stunned by something and suddenly stopped all movement!

It trembled, its anger dissipated, and its big copper bell-like eyes were filled with fear.

The water rippled, and slowly, a young man in white floated up from the water.
The original red maple-patterned clothes of the young man seemed to have been devoured by something, with the red maple leaves and patterns all gone, cleanly transformed into a snow-white plain robe with faint bloodstains.

The untied lovesickness trembled slightly and instinctively shrank towards the unconscious Chu Yi.

Droplets of water dripped from the young man's body as he closed his eyes, holding a moss-covered flute in his pale and slender hand. His wet black hair draped over his shoulders, his aura mixed with both eerie ghostly and terrifying dragon pressure, neither human nor ghost.

"Who are you?" asked the green dragon, trembling with fear at his aura.

The white-clad youth slowly raised his head and opened his eyes.

They were blood-red eyes, carrying a terrifying aura of having slaughtered countless people. His white clothes were like snow, his blood like plum blossoms, as if he had been a heavenly saint who turned into a demon in a single thought, causing armies to crumble with a single glance.

In an instant, the pressure became even more terrifying!

The young man's blood-red eyes seemed somewhat confused. "...who am I?"

- Who is she?

[Call my name...]

[My name is...]

"Huoming."

The young man murmured as he held the jade flute covered in water weeds. "I am...Huoming."
