Xiao Xiangsi faked her death.

Xia Ge didn't know what despicable thing Xiao Xiangsi had done. Looking at the gloomy Tian Zhuling, she suddenly became interested. "Oh, by the way, Senior Sister, how did you get Tian Zhuling?"

Gu Peijiu replied, "After crossing the Thunder Tribulation once."

Xia Ge was surprised. "Thunder Tribulation? Does that mean Senior Sister's clothes demon was Senior Sister's own creation?"

Gu Peijiu looked at her calmly.

Xia Ge said, "Although I think Senior Sister is very powerful, creating an ancient clothes demon would require the strength of a peak-level near-god at least. I'm not sure now, but how old was Senior Sister at that time?"

Gu Peijiu looked at her and said nothing.

Xia Ge continued, "Is Senior Sister hiding something from me?"

Gu Peijiu's lips curled up slightly. "What do you think?"

Xia Ge pressed her shoulder. "Well, Xiao Xiangsi once showed me something before she was named. It was the scene of Tian Zhuling's birth."

The image of a white-robed girl wrapped in red threads, the terrifying Thunder Tribulation, and...

Xia Ge asked directly, "When Senior Sister said that Tian Zhuling was born after crossing the Thunder Tribulation once, was Senior Sister the one who crossed it?"

Gu Peijiu replied, "What do you think?"

Xia Ge pinched her cheek. "I'm asking you."

Gu Peijiu said, "Yes and no."

Xia Ge stared at her.

Gu Peijiu changed the subject. "If you have to say it, it's something from the past life."

Since it was related to the past life, there was no need to burden the people of this life.

Xia Ge saw that Gu Peijiu didn't want to talk about it, so she didn't force it. She changed the subject, "Do you remember anything from the past life? Did Senior Sister like me in the past life?"
Gu Peijiu said, "Hmm, I like it."

Maybe in the next life, she will still like it.

Xia Ge pouted, "You're just talking nonsense."

Gu Peijiu smiled but didn't say anything.

Some things are better left unsaid.

Meanwhile, after the defeat of the heroes from Gu Peijiu's side -

This result was completely unexpected and illogical.

"How come that bitch was so difficult to deal with?!" After coming down from the mountain, a man in a blue shirt cursed, "I've never heard of her being so powerful before!"

Yan, who was walking behind, looked at him coldly, his face not looking good. The man hadn't reacted yet and was shouting at Chang Ren, "Master Chang, are we just going to leave like this? What about that little witch? We can't just let her go like this!"

The skinny man next to the man in the blue shirt pulled him back and smiled apologetically at Yan, "My brother spoke out of turn. Please forgive him, Master Yan."

Yan snorted.

After all, although Gu Peijiu's actions were out of line, she was still a disciple of Lingxi Peak in name. No matter how wrong she was, outsiders couldn't call her a "bitch."

But since the man had asked, all the heroes looked at Chang Ren, hoping he could explain.

After the skinny man finished apologizing to Yan, he looked at Chang Ren again, "It's said that Master Chang's Skyward Radiance is unparalleled in the world. With the situation just now, if Master Chang had used Skyward Radiance, he might have been able to take her down... "

The rumors about Skyward Radiance were already spreading outside, and the looks of suspicion in everyone's eyes towards Chang Ren were becoming more apparent.

Chang Ren wasn't nervous, just a little sighing. This result was truly unexpected. He thought Gu Peijiu was just a disciple of Dan Peak, and although she had extraordinary abilities, with all these heroes here, plus the Lingxi Peak Master personally taking action, it was only a matter of time before they took her down. When Gu Peijiu handed over Qin Shuang, and Qin Shuang was controlled by the calamity command, he would reveal that Skyward Radiance had been stolen and shift the blame to the demonic sect behind Qin Shuang...

Chang Ren's plan was undeniably sinister.

However, the Heroes' Order was defeated before they could even make a move. They hadn't even prepared to attack yet, and their legs had just lifted when they hit an iron plate, something he never expected.

He watched as all the heroes looked at him with eyes as sharp as copper bells, as if waiting for him to take out Skyward Radiance and charge up the mountain, wiping out the humiliation of this defeat.
Just the radiance of the firmament has been lost and misfortune has been caused by Gu Peiju, not to mention that Gu Peiju's motives are unfathomable... Even if they had the radiance of the firmament, it would be difficult to handle.

But with so many people watching, if he doesn't come up with a reasonable explanation, it will be hard to clear his name.

So what should he do now?

"Well, to be honest," Chang Ren sighed, "I'm sure you've all heard those rumors and gossip."

Chang Ren paused, seeming hesitant to speak.

The heroes looked at him and began whispering to each other.

"...What does he mean by this?"

"Could it be..."

"..."

Finally, Chang Ren let out a deep sigh and furrowed his brow. "The radiance of the firmament was stolen not long ago by thieves."

There was an uproar among the crowd.

"How could it have been stolen?!"

"Could it be..."

Even Yan, the head of the sect, was surprised. "This..."

Chang Ren continued, "This is a long story. The radiance of the firmament was safe with me until the incident at the Evil Spirit Mountain..."

Chang Ren was referring to the time when Qin Shuang released the evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain. The heroes all knew about it, as it was their initial reason for fighting against Xia Ge.

"As the saying goes, the greater the power, the greater the responsibility. I couldn't let Qin Shuang, that little witch, cause chaos in the world, so I issued the call to heroes. But who would have thought that such an accident would occur... sigh. It was just that at that time, Qin Shuang released all the evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain. Now, looking at the current situation of the evil spirit tide plaguing the world... it's truly unforgivable!"

As he spoke, he became more and more impassioned, as if saving the world was his sole responsibility and Qin Shuang was a heinous criminal. It was quite a sight to behold. Some people agreed with him, while others sneered. Those who were beaten felt a fire burning inside them - this old man watched them charge forward as if he had some great power, but when something went wrong, he pushed the blame onto them like cannon fodder?!

What was even more infuriating was that they had relied on the radiance of the firmament from the Chang family to make a difference, but now this old man was telling them that it had been stolen?!

Finally, Chang Ren looked a bit tired. "To be honest, I really think there's something fishy about the theft of the radiance of the firmament..."

"You say it's gone, so it's gone?"
Someone sneered, "Was there really one to begin with?"

Chang Ren was indeed a sly old fox. "This warrior doesn't know... I issued a call to heroes with sincerity, using the radiance of the sky as a lure to ask for help from all the heroes to rid the people of harm. However, shortly after directing our attention towards that little witch, the radiance of the sky was lost! The reason I urgently requested all of you to come and defeat Qin Shuang is because I suspect that the one who stole the radiance of the sky is that little demon girl!"

Although a wife and clothes cannot be compared... well, for someone like Chang Ren who can throw away his own daughter, he probably values his clothes more.

Yan, the head of the sect, frowned slightly and was not entirely convinced. "Are you sure it's her?"

Chang Ren said, "Even if it's not her, there must be some connection. How coincidental that the radiance was lost when it was directed towards her? If all the heroes really want an explanation, instead of asking me, it's better to catch that little witch early. I'm sure we can get some answers."

Although much of what Chang Ren said was nonsense, he was right about the connection between the theft of the radiance of the sky and Xia Ge.

Before the call to heroes was issued, Chu Yi, as the master of the Hundred Ghosts Cave, had only watched the show regarding what the Chang family did. After all, she thought her relationship with Ye Ze was only average. Whether or not to pave the way for him on his path of revenge was entirely up to her mood or whether she could benefit from it...

But when the Chang family issued the call to heroes, they really poked a hornet's nest in Chu Yi's heart.

When the Hundred Ghosts Cave made a move, even if Ye Ze stole a piece of clothing from Chang Ren, the other party might not even know whether the person sleeping next to him was a human or a ghost.
