The melodious sound of the flute echoed, soaring high into the sky.

The clear waves rippled, with a small bridge and boat, and a person holding a long pole wearing a straw hat, causing beautiful ripples on the emerald green lake. The round lotus leaves were dyed with a faint red and snow white color of blooming lotus flowers on the emerald green lake. Several ducks buried their heads in the water, seemingly attached to the beautiful sound of the flute. After considering their stomachs and the sound of the flute, they lifted their snow-white necks from the water, creating a string of sparkling water droplets, and swallowed a fish before stretching their necks and accompanying the flute with their quacks.

The lotus leaves stretch endlessly, infinite and emerald green, reflecting the sun and the lotus flowers are a different shade of red.

A young woman in black clothes with eyes like a clever cat and a jade flute stained with a hint of blood in her delicate hand sat on a high pavilion. Her snow-white skin was set off by the black tiles, and the distant mountains overlapped, with greenery spreading endlessly.

The flute stopped.

The person holding the pole rowed the boat to the shore, took off his hat, and looked up at the young woman. His black eyes were shining under the scorching sun, but turned into a delicate softness. The red lips and black eyes contrasted with his white and tender skin, which seemed to be dripping with water.

Gu Peiju said softly, "Come down, the sun is too strong."

Xia Ge did not speak.

Gu Peiju's voice slowed down, "Are you still angry?"

Xia Ge did not speak, holding the flute and disappearing in a few steps.

Several ducks fluttered their wings and swam to Gu Peiju's boat, desperately flapping their wings on the water to express their anger at not having music to listen to because of her.

Gu Peiju sighed lightly and muttered, "I heard that the ducks on this Biyue Lake are particularly plump..."

"Quack quack quack—"

The intelligent ducks felt that something was wrong, flapped their wings to protest, and quickly swam away.

Only a big white goose was still expressing its dissatisfaction.

Gu Peiju glanced at the goose with his dark eyes.

The goose had a long mouth and large wings, and hadn't realized that its companions were gone, flapping the water frantically, causing splashes three feet high.

It was particularly energetic.

Gu Peiju narrowed his eyes and then squatted down.

It turned out to be a big-headed goose.

It should be very delicious when stewed.
夏夏 has been feeling down these days... making a clay pot goose wouldn't hurt.

The duck... no, the big-headed goose realized that something was wrong. There wasn't a single duck around, and it shuddered with fear. It cried out twice and then cleverly dipped its head into the water.

"I can't see you, and you can't see me!"

Clever!

This clever big-headed goose was mercilessly lifted by Gu Peijiu's plump wings. In just a few teleportations, it tearfully bid farewell to its water duck companions.

Truly clever.

= =

System: "You haven't recovered yet?"

Xia Ge responded with a muffled "Hmm."

The system spoke kindly of Gu Peijiu, "She's doing it for your own good, after all, this matter is really... um."

Xia Ge coolly said, "Don't act dumb with me. I don't believe you don't know anything."

System: "..."

The system said, "I don't have any other choice. Besides, even if you know, what can you do..."

Xia Ge clenched her fists slightly, "I know I can't do anything, but I don't want to be kept in the dark like an idiot, not knowing anything."

One by one, it's always like this.

Senior Sister is like this, Su Chan is like this, and Invincible Puppet is like this...

Xia Ge fiercely pounded on a tree, "What is this? Making me look like a fool! What can I do if I know?!"

Disaster, disaster... isn't it just a disaster?!

Isn't it just being possessed by a disaster?!...

Xia Ge gritted her teeth.

And the root of everything was finally explained.
The nightmare was blood-red, the laughter was hideous, and there were the words that Su Chan had said to her when they were in the demonic sect that she couldn't quite understand.

Xia Ge clenched her fists tightly, but eventually let them go in resignation.

...she really couldn't do anything.

She couldn't do anything at all.

If...

Thinking of Su Chan, Xia Ge's heart felt like it had been punched hard several times, and it hurt.

"She's really cunning," Xia Ge leaned against a tree and sat down weakly, her head hanging low, her fair hand covering her face. "When I didn't know anything, she just left like that."

She's such a bastard.

...A complete bastard.

At the beginning, she was so willful, doing things that annoyed people, showing her how bad and willful she was. Then suddenly, she packaged herself as a pure angel and left after patting her butt.

What is this?

...She didn't even leave her a chance to apologize.

The system said, "You have to understand her feelings."

Xia Ge didn't look up.

The system continued, "She did something really bad, and you made her goodwill towards you negative. If she gave you a chance to speak, and you said something to give her hope..."

Xia Ge sniffled and muttered, "Why do you always say such unpleasant things?"

The system snorted silently, but it hadn't said anything unpleasant yet.

"She didn't let you speak because she was afraid of being swayed again," the system thought for a moment, but was quite optimistic. "She still wants to become a god and save you. She must be thinking, what if she wavers again, what will you do?"

"You helped her find her own path," the system said. "So, she also wants you to walk your own path well."

"That was the path she was supposed to walk in the first place, you just got there a little earlier," the system said. "As the only descendant of the bloodline of the gods on this continent, she will eventually return to the heavens, sooner or later."

Suddenly, Xia Ge said, "I always feel like you know everything and pretend to be stupid. Ah? Invincible Puppet."
System: "......"

Xia Ge said, "I think you know too much. Shouldn't you explain it to me?"

System: "......What do you want to know?"

Xia Ge casually picked up a dog tail grass from the ground and said, "Let's start from the previous life."

System: "Huh? There's no previous life. Haha..."

Xia Ge sneered, "Don't play dumb with me! Do you really think I don't remember anything?!"

The system found it boring to laugh alone and tentatively asked in a low voice, "What do you remember?"

What do I remember?

The delicate voice of a girl seemed to echo in Xia Ge's ears.

"...A great sin."

"I'll atone for you."

Dressed in white, with graceful movements, corpses littered the ground, but the person's whisper was warm enough to make one want to cry.

...She's still angry, why do I keep thinking about her?

This made her even angrier.

Xia Ge paused and uncomfortably put the dog tail grass aside. "I remember a lot of things. You tell me something and I'll see if you're lying."

Invincible Puppet thought for a moment, "Where should I start..."

"From the beginning."

Invincible Puppet said, "Then I'll start from the beginning. The universe is composed of countless planes and dimensional worlds. I am one of the most outstanding dimensional skill systems... well, one of them. I can travel through various dimensions and spread my great puppetry skills..."

Xia Ge interrupted, "Speak in plain language."

Invincible Puppet said sheepishly, "Uh, even though I'm outstanding, my puppetry skills are too low-level and need someone to upgrade them... Don't look at me like that, high-level technology exists in high dimensions, and puppetry is useless... relatively speaking, it consumes a lot of host's points and energy, so there are few suckers... Uh, so I can only pick up the leftovers in low dimensions and find someone with unique bones to accumulate points and energy for me to upgrade and travel to high dimensions for a tour..."

Xia Ge had no expression on her face, "...Didn't you just say it's a waste? And there are suckers?"

 
"Oh, so she was a sucker from the beginning," said Wu Di.

"I may be kind-hearted," Wu Di continued, "but the first time I met you, you pushed an old lady crossing the street and got hit by a car - it would have happened if it wasn't for me."

"What?" Xia Ge exclaimed, looking confused. "I died? I'm not a vegetable? Wasn't I being a good Samaritan?"

The system interjected coldly, "I said if it wasn't for me... What good Samaritan? That old lady was a middle-aged woman who specialized in faking accidents to extort money from luxury car owners. She was skilled and had a purpose. Before she could even show off her skills, you pushed her onto a BMW and shattered her bones. And you went straight to meet God. Fortunately, she wasn't a real old lady, otherwise both of you would have met God together."

The system paused for a moment and summarized, "As for the concluding remark... How does that saying go? Living heroically, dying embarrassingly?"

Xia Ge remained silent.

"Okay, okay, let's stop here," Wu Di said. "Although it was foolish, it was still an act of heroism. I've decided to make your life more heroic and let you unleash your passion. I brought you here as an exchange from the lower dimension... This world. Your modern body, which should have died, has become a vegetable, and you can be resurrected because of it."

Xia Ge finally understood. "I see. What happened next?"

"Then it's your past life," Wu Di said, pondering for a moment. "To summarize the prologue, it's still the same - living heroically, dying... embarrassingly."

Xia Ge remained silent.

"Shut up," she thought. "Whether it's an opening or a closing, I don't want to hear it."
