After finishing his dinner, Chang Nian went to find his brother Chang Lan. His brother had always been a workaholic, and after the incident with the bat night raid, he definitely couldn't sleep.

Sure enough, as soon as he arrived at the council hall, Chang Nian saw Chang Lan sitting at his desk.

"Brother."

Chang Lan had a headache. Just now, Chu Yao came over and said that she was the one who shot the arrow and asked why she didn't come forward to admit it.

Chu Yao: "I was hungry and wanted to go eat at the time."

Chang Lan: "..."

This explanation was so reasonable that it left him speechless.

However, since it was Chu Yao who did it, it did make sense. The backup disciple of Sword Peak had the authority to make emergency decisions. Given the crisis at the time, anything was understandable.

Chang Lan casually asked a few questions and sent Chu Yao away. But as soon as he sent one person away, he looked up and saw another.

Chang Lan saw Chang Nian and felt like his head wasn't just hurting, it was throbbing. "What are you doing here?"

Chang Nian said, "Why can't I come?"

Chang Lan said, "Dad is almost driven crazy by you. What did you do... he wants me to punish you by making you face the wall and reflect for three months."

"It's just a little money," Chang Nian muttered. "Can't our family afford that bit of spiritual stones?"

Chang Lan: "..."

This wasn't a question of money or no money, it was a question of being stupid or not.

Chang Nian said, "Then punish me, brother. Sword Peak is really boring. I'd rather face the wall and practice swordsmanship alone for three months."

Chang Lan sighed, "Fine. Although I don't know if what you bought on the black market is real or fake, since someone has released news about the appearance of the Soul Suppressing Pagoda, it's not entirely baseless. We still need to make some preparations at home."

After he finished speaking, he paused and said, "I heard you stole Dad's Seeking Immortal Bell?"

Chang Nian's gaze drifted. "I didn't steal it."

Chang Lan rubbed his forehead. "Just give it back. Dad is really being driven crazy by you."

Chang Nian said, "I won't give it back! He did something good and is afraid others will find out? He's just afraid Mom will find out!"
Chang Lan remained silent for a moment before saying, "Mother knows."

Chang Nian was surprised.

Chang Lan pinched his brow and said, "Let's return it. This thing is best left with father. It's not good to leave it with anyone else."

Chang Nian spoke her mind, "Brother, do you also feel uneasy about it?"

Chang Lan didn't say anything more.

Chang Nian took out a bell, a beautiful silver bell that swayed slightly but made no sound. She looked at the bell and said softly, "But brother...I want to find her."

Chang Lan paused slightly, his eyes turning cold. He said, "Ah Nian, you shouldn't be so reckless."

Chang Nian looked up, "But no matter what, she is still a member of our Chang family..."

"That's not someone from our Chang family," Chang Lan's gaze turned cold. "That's a remnant of the demonic cult."

Chang Nian said, "Brother!"

Chang Lan said, "Don't say anything more. Take the bell if you want, but don't come find me before you return home next time. I won't punish you, just focus on practicing your sword."

Chang Nian was unwilling, "Brother..."

Chang Lan said, "If you want to find her, go ahead and find her. Even if you do find her, I won't keep her."

He left no room for argument.

The two of them parted ways.

Chang Nian had just left the hall when she saw a blue-clothed girl with silver butterflies on her sleeves not far away. The girl stood among the flowers outside the hall, the beautiful silver butterflies swirling around her. She closed her eyes, enveloped in a layer of moonlight, like a painting, her shadow vague and indistinct, like an unreal dream.

Chang Nian was slightly surprised and after a moment said, "...Chu Yi?"

The girl reached out and a silver butterfly landed on her fingertip. It then scattered into scattered silver dots of light, as if awakened by something, and her illusory shadow gradually became clear. Chu Yi opened her eyes and saw him, a faint smile on her face.

"Oh, Chang Nian."

She looked at Chang Nian's expression and said, "Why do you look unhappy?"
It seems like it's just right.

It's the perfect time to send Ye Ze back.

Chu Yi's eyes were dark, but then they were covered by the hazy and sweet moonlight, making her appear gentle and dreamy, as if her eyes were not the dark swamp at the bottom of her heart.

Thinking of Chang Lan's attitude just now, Chang Nian felt depressed and was about to say something when Chu Yi suddenly said, "This bell is so pretty."

Only then did Chang Nian realize that he hadn't put away the bell in his hand because he was too upset.

He was holding back his frustration and suddenly wanted to vent it out by telling someone. With a hint of malice, he said, "This is my sister's bell."

Chu Yi was puzzled, "You have a sister?"

"Sort of," Chang Nian replied.

Chu Yi paused, observed his expression, and then smiled, "If there's anything that makes you unhappy, you can tell me."

Chang Nian was taken aback for a moment, then he slightly turned his head away and asked, "Why should I tell you?"

"Because we are very similar," Chu Yi blinked her eyes, "Neither of us has someone who understands us. No one can be our friend."

Chang Nian fell silent.

But...it was true.

He was the youngest child of the Chang family, and everyone treated him with utmost respect. His father was especially strict with him, and his older brother was busy with various affairs. Everyone saw him as a prodigy and was in awe of him. They only cared about whether he had eaten well today or if he had completed the tasks assigned by his father. Rarely did anyone care about his inner thoughts.

"But sometimes, I feel very lonely," Chu Yi walked over and gently touched his face, her eyes covered with hazy moonlight, "There are many, many words hidden in my heart, and it must be tiring to keep them there."

"You must be the same as me, hiding many, many words in your heart," Chu Yi's voice was soft, and she looked at him with hazy and charming eyes.

Chang Nian said, "You're thinking too much. I don't..."

Chu Yi interrupted him gently, "Why not admit it?"

"We are the same kind of people."
"If...she was your sister, you wouldn't want to see yourself like this," Chu Yi said.

Chang Nian's expression froze for a moment.

After a while, he turned his head away and said, "I don't have a sister."

Chu Yi's eyes flickered. "But you just said you did."

"That doesn't count. My family doesn't acknowledge her, and I've never even seen her."

"But you like her a lot, and you want to find her," Chu Yi said.

"I do want to find her," Chang Nian lowered his head. "But even if I do, what then?"

Chu Yi looked at the moon and smiled faintly. "Finding her would put an end to your obsession, wouldn't it?"

"Why should I care if anyone else likes it or not," Chu Yi said. "Follow your own thoughts, that's what matters."

Chang Nian was taken aback for a moment, then said, "Maybe you're right."

He wanted to find his sister, to save her from wandering and suffering.

He had always wanted to.

She was his own flesh and blood.

"She has nothing left," Chang Nian murmured. "I don't even know if she's still alive."

"Sounds like she's your biological sister," Chu Yi asked, her voice carrying a hint of seduction. "Why doesn't your family acknowledge her?"

"She's my half-sister," Chang Nian felt a little dazed, and he whispered, "My family doesn't acknowledge her because...her mother is Qin Yue."

"Qin Yue?" Chu Yi was surprised, but still smiled. "The former leader of the Demon Cult?"

Chang Nian nodded and picked up the bell, looking a little dejected. "Qin Yue was captured a few years ago and is still locked up in the Sword Peak Dungeon, but..."

"Dungeon? Where is it?" Chu Yi asked.

Chang Nian didn't think anything was wrong. "The Sword Peak Dungeon."
Chu Yi narrowed his eyes slightly, but quickly relaxed and smiled faintly: "How pitiful."

Chang Nian said: "But at that time, my sister was still so young..."

As he spoke, Chang Nian's emotions became a little low, and he stared at the bell in a daze.

Chu Yi chuckled lightly: "You will find her."

Chang Nian didn't hold much hope, "I hope so."

Chu Yi looked at the bright moonlight, and the smile on his lips deepened slightly.

... So it was this person in the mountain prison.

It's just that I didn't expect the upright head of the Chang family to have such a scandal.

He colluded with the former leader of the demonic cult and even had a illegitimate daughter.

The smile on Chu Yi's lips was tinged with some sarcasm.

The dirty deals behind the righteous and prestigious families are really nauseating.

= =

After a thorough investigation of the giant bat incident, nothing came out of it. Xia Ge didn't care either.

Recently, she was quite busy.

The sky was just turning white, and the flowers in front of Gu Peijiu's door were blooming brilliantly. Xia Ge squatted on the wutong tree in her small courtyard, squinting and enjoying the morning sun.

The green curtain of the closed window was pulled open.

Xia Ge squatted on the branch, looking down, but didn't see the person she wanted to see. Instead, Tian Zhuling slowly emerged from the window like a red snake, slowly spreading herself out and hanging down from the window sill, letting the morning sun shine evenly on her.

The gorgeous red silk was scattered in the sunlight, not inferior to the flowers around her, and was particularly beautiful.

Xia Ge: "..." So, should I say hello or not?

Soon, there was a soft "creak" sound, and the door opened.
Xia Ge adjusted her expression and greeted from the tree, "Good morning, senior sister."

Gu Peijiu, dressed in red and white maple clothes, came out in the morning light. The flowers blooming by the doorstep set off the girl's delicate eyebrows and eyes, with skin as white as snow. She looked up and saw the girl squatting on the tree looking down at her. Her eyebrows slightly frowned, "What are you doing here?"

Xia Ge was very enthusiastic, "Just saying hello to senior sister!"

Gu Peijiu replied, "No need."

Xia Ge pretended not to hear and looked at the colorful flowers in the courtyard, "Senior sister, the flowers here are really beautiful. What are they called?"

But there was no response from the other party for a long time.

Xia Ge looked over and was a little distracted.

The slender girl in red and white maple clothes stood at the door, with soft sunlight gradually permeating her hair, like a ink painting from a poet's hand. She looked up at her, her eyes like the landscape in the painting, reflecting her figure while full of eternal silence.

It seemed like a long, long time had passed.

Like a fairy in the painting, it was as if, because of her gaze, she had come from the world of the painting that never touched the world, into reality.

After a while, Gu Peijiu seemed to have come back to her senses. She whispered, "They are hydrangeas."

Xia Ge blinked and also came back to her senses, "Isn't that the ball of embroidery that you can throw and find your true love?"

Gu Peijiu denied, "No..."

A round object was thrown over. Gu Peijiu caught it in her hand, feeling a slight chill. She hadn't had a chance to see what it was when she heard the girl on the tree imitating an ancient person, with a serious but crisp teasing voice, "Then...if I throw the embroidery ball to you, senior sister, will you marry me?"

Amidst the colorful flowers and the faint morning light, the girl's crisp voice was like a thunderbolt, suddenly piercing through her heart, causing her heartbeat to suddenly lose its rhythm. Gu Peijiu looked up, staring blankly at the girl on the tree, whose eyes seemed to be full of laughter, even her hair seemed to be dyed with sunlight. For a moment, it was as if she had gone through countless angry puppet screams and chaos, countless angry cries of blood and evil spirits, gone through divine punishment and thunder, gone through centuries of waiting for love and memories dyed with blood, just for this moment.

A moment that lasted a thousand years.

Xia Ge said, "What are you looking at me for, senior sister? I'm just joking. I picked these apples from Mount Shoufeng this morning. You don't like the persimmons on Mount Jianfeng, do you want to try these apples? I washed them clean."

Gu Peijiu looked away, unconsciously taking a bite of the fruit in her hand, with a sweet and crisp taste spreading in her mouth. "Nonsense."
