"Peng Peng - -"

"Bang Bang!"

A violent sound of something hitting something.

Mao Qing slowly opened her eyes.

Dim light penetrated her eyes, and the horizontal and vertical iron bars blocked her entire line of sight. Her body was very stiff. She stretched her body, and the clanging sound of chains rang out. Looking closely, she suddenly realized that all her limbs were locked with black chains, and the chains were embedded in the wall, appearing indestructible.

The banging sound continued.

However, she couldn't care about that for the time being.

Her head was a bit dizzy, but she could barely remember something.

Saying goodbye to Huo Bai, mint candy, the red-clothed woman who wanted to kill her, and...

She... didn't die?

Lost in thought, the banging sound became more intense, and a low growl could be heard vaguely. In the dim dungeon, it seemed eerie and terrifying.

What was it?

She struggled to stand up, the chains clanging, her body weak, and she stumbled to the iron railing and looked outside.

Just taking a glance, her hand trembled suddenly, and an immense fear enveloped her heart. She fell to the ground again.

This was a dungeon-like place, dimly lit, with dim candlelight on the walls. The cages were separated by mud walls, and the iron bars looked very sturdy.

But those were not the reasons why Mao Qing was afraid.

It was because all the locks in those cages were on puppets!!

They were not yet enchanted, but they were about to be... enchanted puppets!

Although Mao Qing didn't practice swordsmanship, her parents were outer disciples of the Lingxi Peak. Occasionally, she went out with them, and she could distinguish between puppet enchantment and non-enchantment.

But... she had never seen such puppets before!

Such... puppets between enchantment and non-enchantment!
"Roar..."

"Peng Peng-"

"Clang!"

Some of the half-demonic puppets still retained some sanity, but were struggling to control themselves. Others were crazily smashing the iron bars, roaring and panting heavily. Half of their eyes were black and white, staring straight ahead, while the other half were red and rolling, looking extremely terrifying.

The intense sound that was heard at the beginning was made by these puppets.

Mao Qing sat on the ground, took a step back, then another, and finally pressed herself tightly against the wall, locked in the corner, trembling all over.

...Why was she here?!

Just as she was scared, she suddenly heard a faint, delicate sound like metal striking the bars.

Unlike the crazy and reckless behavior of the half-demonic puppets slamming into the bars, this sound was very regular and gentle.

Mao Qing curled up in the corner, at first not wanting to pay attention to the sound, just wanting to hide a little further away, and shrink a little more...

Why was she here?!

A long time later.

The half-demonic puppet next door seemed to have finally exhausted all its strength. Some were still lowly growling, but it was much quieter than before.

But that regular sound was still ringing.

Although it should have been a piercing sound of metal hitting metal, because of the performer, it slowly began to have a calming effect.

It was very quiet and soft.

The excited and fearful mood calmed down, and Mao Qing's trembling body slowly relaxed with the quiet metal tone. She buried her head for a long time before slowly lifting it up, cautiously looking towards the source of the sound.

It was a prison cell opposite her.

Thick shadows were buried in the depths, and the faint candlelight in the passage could not illuminate the full view of the cell opposite. Under the graceful light, a corner of the dark chains was exposed, and the person hitting the metal was hiding in the gloomy darkness, without any trace of a shadow.

Here, except for her... everyone else was a half-puppet.

Mao Qing suddenly shuddered, as if she had remembered something. She subconsciously touched herself and checked from head to toe, making sure that there was no other metal on her body except for the chains that bound her, before finally letting out a sigh of relief.
"She didn't become a puppet... she's still a normal person."

The sound of knocking abruptly stopped.

Because someone had arrived.

Faint voices of conversation.

"...I've been seeing you around a lot lately."

"..."

It seemed like two people.

The dimly lit corridor flickered with candlelight, slowly revealing a dark figure. Mao Qing instinctively shrunk back into herself.

"Get out."

The hoarse voice of a young boy, somewhat familiar but mostly unfamiliar.

"But... this is..."

"I told you to get out--" the boy's voice was wild, with a hint of arrogance, "Get the hell out of here! Do you hear me?!"

The other person hurriedly retreated.

The figure came closer and closer.

Mao Qing pulled her head back between her arms, sitting in the corner as if she didn't exist.

The footsteps grew louder and louder until they finally stopped.

"Raise your head."

The lazy voice of the young boy.

"Do you hear me?"

Mao Qing: "..."

Mao Qing obediently lifted her head. Her pitch-black eyes were devoid of any light in the thick shadows.

The boy outside the railing had bright red lips, jet-black hair tied up with a white headband, and a long string of paper hanging casually from his waist. He wore white clothes and his face was as pale as if he had applied a thick layer of white powder, looking like a white ghost from the underworld.
In the dark eyes of the young man, there was a deep sense of hostility, as if everyone in the world had offended him.

Mao Qing raised her head, but Bai Luo didn't say anything.

The two looked at each other in silence.

After a while.

"...you better behave." Bai Luo slightly turned his head away, his voice hoarse, "Don't think about running away."

But Mao Qing just looked at him carefully.

Finally, her voice was soft, "Okay."

"...what's your name?" After a pause, she added, as if feeling something was not right.

"Sir."

Behind the humble and respectful attitude, there was deep fear.

-She was afraid of him.

But amidst the fear, there was a little bit of unwillingness.

No, it was a great unwillingness.

So much so that even though she was afraid, she still wanted to ask who he was.

She seemed unable to believe that the person who had treated her as a friend would be the culprit who had brought her here, wearing shackles.

Bai Luo stiffened slightly.

After a while.

Bai Luo said in a faint voice, "My name is Bai Luo."

But for some reason, he lost his previous arrogance and seemed to have made some compromises.

It's just that she didn't know what he was compromising for.

It wasn't Huo Bai.
"It's Bai Luo," said the man.

Mao Qing made a sound of acknowledgement, then fell silent.

Bai Luo asked, "Don't you want to know where we are?"

Mao Qing replied, "…Will you tell me?"

It's not "you," it's "您" (a more formal and respectful form of "you").

This person wasn't Huo Bai, but a stranger who held her life in his hands.

Mao Qing thought to herself that she should be obedient and sensible.

Bai Luo hummed, as if trying to conceal something. "This is the enchanted prison set up by the leader," he said.

Mao Qing asked, "These…are they all half-enchanted puppets?"

"As you can see," Bai Luo replied. "They were human before."

Mao Qing felt her heart skip a beat.

He wasn't here to make things difficult for her. He just…wanted to see if she was okay.

At first, he thought he didn't care about her, that she was just a foolish and naive woman.

But somehow, the scattered peppermint candies and her disappointed expression were etched into his heart.

He had once told himself that saving her life from the leader's hands was enough to even the score.

But he still came.

Bai Luo had always thought that having a brother would be nice.
He had no parents and relied on his older brother for survival.

He was hot-headed and impulsive, not suited for the task of being a spy, but he went anyway because his brother did.

He had always followed in his brother's footsteps, learning to be calm, silent, and alert like him.

And he succeeded.

His brother taught him to hold a peppermint candy when he felt impulsive.

Not because he liked to eat it, but because holding it helped him control his impulses and anger, and strive for calm.

But...

Dan Feng's image was still vivid in his mind.

He had always thought of himself as a cold-hearted person.

But why was he here now?

"...Why are they like this now?" Mao Qing tried to restrain herself, but couldn't help her curiosity, "From what I know...after ten years, the puppet will directly become demonic and won't..."

She glanced at the people outside the cage, those things that were neither human nor ghost, and shuddered unconsciously.

They wouldn't turn into these demonic things after only ten years.

"Ten years?" Bai Luo laughed as if he had heard a joke, his black eyes filled with indifference, "Ten years, it's not enough."

Mao Qing was startled by Bai Luo's cold gaze.

Bai Luo paused, then looked away, saying indifferently, "People are greedy creatures."

In Mao Qing's heart, there was a faint guess, and in an instant, goosebumps rose on her skin, "Are you saying..."

"As we all know," Bai Luo didn't try to hide his meaning, his voice casual, "Five hundred years ago, Lingxi ancestor was skilled in puppetry and once used it to extend people's lives."

"Puppetry became popular on the Fengyue mainland."

"But soon, its shortcomings were discovered. Puppetry could only extend people's lives for ten years, and the soul couldn't exist in the puppet body forever. After ten years, the soul would collapse and turn into a demon, and the puppet would become demonic."

"But at that time, people didn't know that the puppet would become demonic because the soul had collapsed into a demon. For a long time, they thought that the puppet's demonic transformation was a natural end to their lives, so puppetry remained popular." Bai Luo explained, "Until the first wave of demonic tide occurred."
Mao Qing had never heard of this history before.

No one talked about it.

"The Evil Ghost Tide was caused by the aggregation of evil spirits trapped in the demonized puppets that were slaughtered."

"Because they cannot be reincarnated, they harbor resentment and evil thoughts, and the more evil ghosts gather, the more they turn into the Evil Ghost Tide."

During the first Evil Ghost Tide, many, many people died.

The ground was covered in blood, but there were no corpses. No one knew how the Evil Ghost Tide was produced - the comfortable people died under the claws of the evil ghosts.

Mao Qing: "......"

Bai Luo paused, "......off-topic."

However, when he came back to his senses, he saw Mao Qing eagerly listening.

"No, no, you continue!"

Bai Luo: "......"

"......Anyway, the Demonized Prison is where the leader puts those outstanding people who have reached the end of their ten-year term but have strong wills... to delay the demonization time."

Mao Qing spoke her mind, "So you want to research a method that can make people live longer as puppets?"

Bai Luo did not deny it, only saying, "Maybe."

Mao Qing asked, "Isn't that the case?"

Bai Luo replied, "How would I know what the leader is thinking?"

"But the leader seems to have had a wish all along." Bai Luo said, "She seems to have always wanted to prove something to someone..."

He still remembered the first sentence the red-clothed girl said when she woke up from a hundred-year slumber -

"...have you come back?"

Then, facing the people surrounding her coffin, she fell silent again, her narrow eyes shifting from tender to cold.

There should have been a person in front of that sentence.
Who's back?

Who is the leader waiting for?

"...who knows."

He paused, as if guessing, and then seemed to be talking to himself, repeating, "...ten years, is it enough?"

The cold wind whistled.

Lingxi Peak, back mountain.

The melodious flute sounded, and the stunning girl in red sat quietly on a branch playing a bone flute. The breeze blew, and deep autumn had arrived. The leaves fell to the ground, golden yellow.

The tombstone, which had been worn by time to the point where the words were unreadable, stood quietly in its place. Occasionally, a golden leaf would fall on the tombstone, and then lightly fall to the ground.

After the song ended.

"..."

Su Chan put down the flute, her narrow eyes dim. Her voice was elegant and gentle, but it seemed like she was murmuring to herself.

"If possible..."

Abandoned by you, I want to walk the path that you abandoned.

"What's the big deal about the demon tide." Su Chan chuckled, "The scariest thing in this world is not the heart of man?"

For a while, she looked at the tombstone that had been silent for a hundred years, not knowing if it was self-mockery or something else.

"...if only you were a little more ruthless."
