Before Xia Ge woke up, the chaotic thoughts in her mind were wandering around the pork chop rice and barbecue pork buns from her past life.

The pork chop rice was the kind with only bones, white pork chop rice covered in a layer of bloody tomato sauce, lying on top of soft rice. On the other side was a basket of barbecue pork buns, also filled with the aroma of meat.

She dreamed of her past life, wearing a simple T-shirt and denim shorts, with a beautiful figure, ready to enjoy her meal at a street stall with chopsticks in hand-

In her dream, the girl's chopsticks were as sharp as a knife, about to tear apart the pork chop bones, when Xia Ge opened her eyes.

The green curtain on the window was hooked up by someone, and the dim sunset shone into the room. The girl in red and white maple clothes sat quietly by her bed, against the warm light outside the window. For a moment, her expression seemed somewhat blurry and indistinct to Xia Ge.

"...Where's the pork chop?"

Xia Ge, who hadn't realized what had happened, was still thinking about the pork chop covered in bloody tomato sauce from her dream- she vividly remembered that there were three pieces of barbecue pork in the wooden basket next to the iron-wrapped edges, and she also remembered the several white bones on the pork chop from top to bottom and left to right.

But now, it was all gone.

Not to mention the pork chop, there wasn't even any sauce.

It was like a dream.

"Are you awake?"

The clear and gentle voice sounded like the sound of a cold stream flowing over pebbles, which Xia Ge had heard somewhere before. It was very pleasant to listen to.

Xia Ge's head was still a bit muddled. She felt that something was wrong with her hand, and instinctively lowered her head and took her hand out of the blanket to take a look, but pulled out the other hand in the process.

Her hand was very small and looked a bit weak and powerless. At this moment, it was being held by another warm, distinctly fingered hand, tightly clasped together and cherished.

The person holding her hand didn't move, and after saying those two words, fell silent, looking at her as if waiting for her to say something, calm and patient.

Gu Peijiu knew that when someone with a damaged sea of consciousness woke up, they would have a period of mental confusion, short or long, depending on the person.

During this time, the person would suddenly switch from a part of their past memories to reality, but their body and instinctive memory would still be in that memory and state, and they wouldn't recognize anyone after that memory.

The young man looked at her blankly, his long eyelashes trembling uneasily, and his usually lively pupils were now filled with the sunset's afterglow, showing the confusion of someone who had just woken up.

Gu Peijiu's heart moved slightly.

The pork chop was gone, the barbecue pork was gone, and there was only a stranger in front of her.

It was a bit like...
"...... None......?"

Xia Ge spoke with a hoarse voice that was unpleasant to hear. As soon as she spoke, she was startled and looked at the other person hesitantly, like a small animal that had done something wrong.

Gu Peijiu softened her gaze and spoke softly with comfort, "It's alright. Whatever you want to say, just say it."

Xia Ge looked at her nervously, her hand held by this person, feeling warm. After a long time, she deliberately lowered her voice and spoke softly.

"...... None, none Yin."

Gu Peijiu was slightly surprised, but then she understood. This child... wanted to tell her her name?

"I know," Gu Peijiu paused, "You are called... Xia Wuyin."

But the young girl was stunned for a moment, then shook her head, her lips pursed unhappily, and stubbornly said, "You... Wuyin."

Gu Peijiu looked at her, but she didn't understand.

"Eyes..." Xia Ge pursed her lips and whispered, "like... Wuyin."

Gu Peijiu was slightly lost.

Was he saying that her eyes were similar to his?

Xia Ge felt confused and didn't know where she was or what was going on. The tomato sauce-covered pork chops and barbecued pork that she had been playing with, and her little brother who had been playing with her, were all gone. In front of her was a pretty girl holding her hand, with gentle eyebrows and eyes.

These eyes... were the same as her little brother's eyes, both black as obsidian.

Gu Peijiu didn't know how to respond. After a while, she murmured softly, "Mmm, they are the same."

[Ding! Host has awakened! Self-repair of endangered spirit is temporarily complete!]

[Final mental debugging in progress]

[60/100]

...
【100/100】

【Ding!】

【Debugging complete!】

The distorted world suddenly became clear, and the chaotic mind suddenly regained all its senses. Xia Ge came back to his senses and saw his Lushan Claw tightly grasping the noble and elegant master sister's delicate and precious jade hand, unwilling to let go.

Unbelievable.

As soon as Gu Peiju's voice fell, her hand suddenly trembled, and the boy woke up as if he had suddenly regained consciousness. He pulled his hand out of her grip like an electric shock.

"Master sister?!"

The sudden movement pulled at his wound, and Xia Ge hissed in pain, "Damn, it hurts!"

Feeling the coldness disappear from her palm, Gu Peiju's eyelashes flickered slightly, slowly retracting her hand into her wide sleeve. There was no expression on her face. "Awake?"

Xia Ge replied awkwardly, "Awake, I'm awake."

His memories upon waking up were a bit fuzzy, but he remembered the general situation.

However... he seemed to have mistaken the master sister for his younger brother.

Xia Ge had a headache.

Why did he mistake the master sister's eyes for his younger brother's? What kind of dream was he having? And he almost exposed himself...

Wait.

Exposed... exposed?!

Xia Ge subconsciously looked down at his body, but before he could lower his head, he heard Gu Peiju's cold voice, "Xia Wuyin, you have some explaining to do."

Xia Ge's neck, which had not yet lowered, suddenly stiffened. She immediately thought of what the Lost Deer had said... the Ghost Dragon Jade that was picked up by someone who looked like the master sister.

Explain... what?

Wait, is the master sister going to have a friendly and gentle talk with her about life now?

In her current condition with such a serious injury?
"Life is tough, Master Sister!! And have you thought carefully about why she wakes up and sees Master Sister right away? Is she so eager to talk about life with her? Is she looking to settle a score with her? And what's with the fingers interlocked when she wakes up? It's all so suspicious."

"Now, can I pretend to have a headache and faint again... Wait, how did the competition go? Did the furnace explode? Did anyone get hurt?"

"There's a lot going on, she needs to clear her 520MB memory... But Xia Ge clearly doesn't have time to clear her memory."

The cold voice of the girl in red and white maple clothes rang out, "Knife wounds, whip wounds, going to the back mountain three or five times in violation of Dan training, Xia Wu Yin, you really have some endurance."

Xia Ge suddenly came back to her senses and her gaze wandered around, "Where, where, I don't have that much endurance, Master Sister... You're too kind."

Xia Ge felt the air pressure drop by five or six degrees around her and wished she could knock her own smart mouth out with a hammer on the bed.

What do you mean "too kind"?! Who do you think you're talking to? The invincible Kuai? It's Master Sister! The big shot who can make you copy Dan training for a lifetime! Show some respect with your mouth!

She finished speaking and the other side didn't say a word, and the whole room fell into a suffocating silence.

Xia Ge decided to make up for it, her gaze drifting out the window, "Ah, Master Sister, the weather is quite nice today."

When the atmosphere is sensitive, the weather is the safest topic.

She's really quick-witted.

Gu Peijiu looked at the young man in front of her whose gaze was wandering around, "It is quite nice."

Okay, she's taken the bait, which means... for now... there's no intention to pursue the matter?

Xia Ge immediately seized the opportunity, "Um, um... Master Sister, I mean..."

...There are too many issues, which one should she ask about first?

Results! Ask about the results first - they probably haven't come out yet, right?

Xia Ge had just opened her mouth.

"The competition results are out."
Gu Peijiu's voice was faint, and it immediately cut off her words.

"I'm sorry, did the results come out?!"

How long had she been sleeping?! It felt like forever!

Xia Ge's heart tightened and she instinctively lifted her head, meeting Peijiu's gaze.

Xia Ge looked at her hesitantly, "So... did I pass?"

Did she or didn't she? Hurry up and tell her!

The sun was setting, casting a shadow on Peijiu's cheekbones. Her long eyelashes cast a fine shadow on her dark pupils, and her usually cold lips were slightly curved upwards, "I won't tell you."

Xia Ge: "..." Who are you? Are you even real?

Seeing the boy's frustrated expression, Peijiu paused and said, "You can check the results yourself in three days."

"Oh."

Xia Ge's eyes glanced over to the small table placed next to the bed.

Huh... why was there a table next to the bed?

On the table, there were ink and pen, and a neat stack of papers. The top one was labeled "Final Evaluation of the Danfeng Competition," which was quite alarming.

...It was right in front of her, so why did she have to wait three more days to check the results?

Why was it so hard to get a grip on this situation?

Xia Ge thought for a moment and decided she couldn't just sit around waiting. She tried to plead with Peijiu, "Um, senior sister, can you please help me..."

She lowered her head pitifully, quickly scanning herself over. Her bandages were wrapped neatly, and her chest binder was properly in place... Wait! Did Peijiu know she was a girl?

If she did, she would definitely ask why Xia Ge was dressed as a boy, and wouldn't be talking about the weather or exam results. Please, God, let her secret be safe!

Thankfully, it seemed like Peijiu didn't know.

Peijiu raised her voice slightly, "Hmm?"
Xia Ge immediately wiped away the joy on her face and replaced it with a look of despair as she smoothly continued her words, "I am severely injured, how can I go see the results..."

In order to emphasize the severity of the situation and the immense emotional trauma she had suffered from physical attacks, Xia Ge covered her face and whimpered, "Senior Sister, it hurts so much, do you think I will never be able to stand up again in my life?"

Gu Peijiu looked at Xia Wuyin's insincere sadness on her face without expression, and after a while, a faint smile appeared at the corner of her mouth, with a hint of coldness.

She had originally planned to ask later, but since this kid had taken the initiative to bring it up, she wouldn't be polite.

"Oh? It hurts?" Gu Peijiu asked.

Xia Ge nodded repeatedly, "Yes, it hurts so much."

Gu Peijiu's smile deepened, and her coldness became more intense. "Then Xia Wuyin, since it hurts so much, why don't we talk about it? How did you get the wounds on your back and stomach? And how did they make you unable to stand up for the rest of your life?"

Xia Ge: "..."

Gu Peijiu's eyes were pitch black. "And why did you go to the back mountain? What did you encounter in the past three days? Tell me everything."

The girl in the red and white maple dress had a gentle and understanding voice. "There's no need to rush, you can take your time. This time, I'll listen."

Xia Ge said, "Senior Sister, my pain suddenly disappeared."

Don't kill the messenger!
