Xia Ge felt like she had a dream.

The dream was long and gentle.

There was a cool feeling spreading on her forehead, and she felt like she was about to fall into a sea of lava, but someone pulled her up and brought her to a cool cloud.

She faintly heard a sigh.

"...troublesome."

Xia Ge thought.

Who isn't troublesome?

She's clearly the one who causes the least trouble.

= =

Xia Ge woke up.

Bright sunlight shone in from the window, and she opened her eyes dazedly and stared for a while.

"...huh?"

"Ah..."

Her throat didn't hurt anymore, her head didn't hurt anymore, and she didn't feel uncomfortable all over her body.

Xia Ge widened her eyes, waved her hand in front of her eyes, and then pinched herself.

"Hiss... it hurts." She let go of her hand, hopped out of bed a few times, "Hey hey, I'm really okay? Xiao Gui? Xiao Gui? What's going on?"

There was no sound from Xiao Gui.

Xia Ge: "..."

Maybe the fever caused a system malfunction, which had happened before.

"Ah... did I really get through it like this?" Xia Ge scratched her head, but when she remembered the serious situation yesterday, she felt that she didn't have such good physical fitness.

But now she really seemed to be completely fine.
"But we should be able to get through it... right?" Xia Ge patted her face. Just as she had this thought, she unexpectedly discovered something on the window sill.

In the warm sunlight, a small wooden puppet sat on the carved window sill, wearing a delicate vermillion maple-colored robe. Its eyes were adorned with beautiful black cat's eye stones, and its lips curved into a large, soft smile. Its black hair was tied up with a thin green ribbon, and the puppet sat on the window sill, propping its chin up with its small hand, smiling warmly at her.

Xia Ge: "..." What is this thing?

Xia Ge's first reaction was to check her door, as she had locked it from the inside.

The door was still securely locked, and there were no signs of it being tampered with.

She looked back at the puppet, which was still smiling warmly at her.

Xia Ge: "... Xiao Kui, did I dream that I turned into a puppet?"

The puppet remained silent.

Xia Ge: "..."

Oh my god, this mysterious thing looks a bit scary no matter how you look at it.

Xia Ge looked left and right, but she didn't dare to get too close. She was afraid that this puppet would explode like her unlucky puppet.

Her own puppet had internal injuries from exploding, while someone else's puppet exploding in front of her would cause external injuries. Either way, it wouldn't end well, so it was better to be cautious.

But no matter how cautious Xia Ge was, the little puppet was still sitting on the window sill, smiling brightly and harmlessly.

"... Alright, I'll take a closer look."

She couldn't just stand there forever.

Xia Ge used her puppet to scan the little puppet.

【Small wooden puppet: Made of white wood, it looks very similar to a certain person.】

Xia Ge: "..."

A puppet made entirely of wood?

Who had the time and leisure to make a wooden puppet and put it on her windowsill?

The little puppet smiled brilliantly at her, making people want to smile along with it as soon as they saw it.
In fact, it was true.

Xia Ge unconsciously touched the curve of her mouth that had bent upward, and after a while, she silently picked up the wooden puppet to examine it. As soon as she picked it up, she found a piece of paper pressed underneath the puppet.

On the light green paper, two elegant characters were written with a fine brush.

"Don't disturb?"

Xia Ge: "..."

Who sends a wooden puppet and writes 'do not disturb'? Who did she disturb while sleeping in her own room that someone had to specially send her a 'do not disturb'? Who did she disturb?

...wait?

Xia Ge took a closer look and her mouth twitched.

It wasn't 'do not disturb', her eyes had deceived her.

It was... 'do not worry'.

The worry that causes distress, the worry that causes anxiety.

Xia Ge gazed at the two characters.

She recognized these two characters, the handwriting as well.

If she thought carefully about the files she had seen before.

...The person who wrote these characters, she should also know them.

Xia Ge pinched the paper and looked at the wooden puppet in her hand, which was smiling brightly. Her heart was in turmoil for a moment.

Xiao Xiangsi hung obediently on the dressing table, playing dead.

Xia Ge put both things on the table, then expressionlessly pulled on the string. "Hey."

Xiao Xiangsi was obediently pulled long, and even stretched longer, afraid that Xia Ge wouldn't pull enough.

After Xia Ge pulled it for a meter, she gave up because her arm was too short.

Xia Ge put it on the table and narrowed her eyes. "Someone came yesterday, right?"
Longing wavered and played dumb.

Xia Ge said, "When there's someone, you wag your tail. When there's no one, you shake it."

Longing obediently wagged its tail.

"I think you need to be taught a lesson," Xia Ge sneered. "I'm not taking you with me today."

Longing stiffened for a moment, then quickly shrunk into a small ball and frantically wagged its tail.

Xia Ge said, "...."

So someone did come after all?!

Xia Ge steadied herself. "Did you open the door?"

Longing hesitated for a moment, then weakly wagged its tail.

Xia Ge said, "....Did you lock the door?"

It carefully moved towards the window and weakly wagged its tail.

Xia Ge said, "...."

Longing admitted its guilt.

So, who came was pretty much not hard to guess.

- - - - The puppet?

- - - - Do you like it?

- - - - It's...okay.

Xia Ge looked at the small puppet on the table, smiling brightly at her, and was reminded of the book collection room and her senior sister's exquisite craftsmanship. She took out a book called "Carving Wood".

She looked at the small puppet's delicate eyebrows and eyes and thought, Senior Sister's carving skills are really good.

Walking to the table, there was a light green letter on top of it with the words "Don't Worry" written on it, with a hint of tenderness in its elegance.

So...Yesterday, it was her senior sister who took care of her?
The gentle sunshine carried an indescribable warmth, slowly melting in her heart. It felt like the sadness of a broken puppet could also be soothed by this warmth.

It turned out that there was someone who cared for her.

"Well, that's it for today," the teacher who taught the formation technique said, stroking his beard. "Hand in three diagrams of the scattered spirits formation tomorrow."

"Yes, goodbye, teacher."

Class was over.

Xia Ge leaned on the desk and didn't feel like moving.

Her friend Mao Qing poked her. "Hey, why do you look so down today? Don't you love the formation technique class?"

Xia Ge didn't say anything, but then Mao Qing said, "Hey, did you change your puppet again? Wow, I didn't notice earlier, but this one is really cute."

She rubbed her chin and observed it, then knocked on it and said, "This one looks just like you!"

Xia Ge suddenly felt a bit guilty. "Haha, really?"

Mao Qing confirmed, "Yes, and did you carve this one yourself?"

She couldn't help but praise, "Xia Wuyin, your skills are getting better and better. This one is really beautiful."

Xia Ge said, "Yes, I think so too..." But she didn't carve it herself.

While talking to Mao Qing, Xia Ge couldn't help but glance at Huo Bai.

Although she hadn't been paying attention to him these past few days, Huo Bai still made her very uneasy.

He looked like a monster.

She had secretly observed him before, but he had always been calm and collected. However, this time, he seemed to sense something and turned to meet her gaze.

His pitch-black eyes were calm and still, like a dead pool of water. Looking at her, it felt like he was looking at a dead person.

In the instant of their eye contact, Xia Ge almost recoiled, feeling a chill run down her spine under his gaze.
Mao Qing was ignorant and unaware: "What's wrong with you? Why did you suddenly shiver?"

However, Xia Ge was so frightened by that one look that her hair stood on end, but she still smiled, "Nothing, maybe I caught a cold just now... I just want to eat the coconut cake below."

Mao Qing stood up, "If you want to eat, go buy it. We still have a long time before the next class. Do you want me to accompany you?"

Xia Ge looked puzzled, "Why do you girls always want someone to accompany you? I can go by myself."

Mao Qing was taken aback by Xia Ge's words and silently sat back down. "Then you go by yourself."

Xia Ge left the courtyard.

Not long after Xia Ge left, Mao Qing saw Huo Bai coming in, as if he was going to follow Xia Ge out.

"Hey, Huo Bai, are you going to buy coconut cake with Xia Wu Yin?" Mao Qing was excited. "I forgot to tell him to bring me some."

Huo Bai didn't stop, as if he hadn't heard her. He just went straight out.

Mao Qing said, "Huh?"

Accustomed to rejection, Mao Qing didn't think much of it. She just muttered, "Huo Bai has been getting stranger lately and doesn't talk to people at all."

She glanced at his desk and saw the small drawer where he usually kept his peppermint candy was now empty.

She hadn't seen him sneak candy for a long time, and his personality had become increasingly strange and cold.

What happened to him that caused him to change so much?

Mao Qing furrowed her brows slightly and fell into thought. After a while, she slapped her hand, "Could it be that I forgot to return his brush the other day?!"

Autumn had deepened, and Xia Ge had only taken a few steps when she felt someone following her.

She wasn't in a hurry and calmly walked to secluded places, turning left and right. The sound behind her was getting closer, and the dangerous aura was getting closer.

The flow of silver in Xia Ge's hand flashed a glimmer of light, and her eyes flashed with coldness. Just as she was about to draw her sickle out of her ring, she suddenly heard two loud bangs!

"Hiss—"

The scent of alcohol wafted through the air.

Xia Ge, who was about to fight the other person, was shocked by this interruption. This smell...
"Holly City's Bamboo Leaf Green!"

Turning back, Xia Ge saw Huo Bai, who had followed him, lying motionless on the ground, with a smashed pot of wine with red paper stuck to it beside his head.

"Tsk."

"Smell the fragrance and know the wine." The girl's voice was lazy. "Looks like you can drink."

Xia Ge looked up to the source of the voice and saw Chu Yao sitting on a parasol tree, holding a pot of wine. Her blue hairband was loosely tied, and a long sword was hanging from her waist. The scattered sunlight made her beautiful and lazy light brown eyes shine.

Xia Ge asked, "How did you come here?"

Chu Yao said, "Can't I come?"

Xia Ge replied, "No, I'm just a little surprised."

Chu Yao jumped down and casually threw the wine to Xia Ge, who caught it. After throwing it, Chu Yao kicked Huo Bai's head with a disgusted expression and asked, "Who is this trash?"

Xia Ge hugged the wine and said, "My classmate."

Chu Yao sneered, "Oh? Do you want to kill your classmate?"

Xia Ge was speechless.

Chu Yao said, "Can you be more careful with your head? You might end up with a bowl-sized scar if you're not careful."

Xia Ge said, "I'm pretty cautious."

Chu Yao said, "I've been following you all the way, and you go wherever you want."

Xia Ge's eyes drifted, "I want to catch a quail."

Chu Yao was speechless.

Chu Yao looked Xia Ge up and down.

The boy's features looked softer, with his hair tied up with a red hairband, and his cat-like eyes had an indescribable spirituality. He wore a clean and neat crimson robe and had a wooden doll hanging from his waist with a smiling face.

Chu Yao's gaze froze on the wooden doll for two seconds, then said "Tsk" and changed the subject. There was a hint of hostility in her light brown eyes. "Does he have a grudge against you?"
Xia Ge shook his head honestly, "No."

Chu Yao hesitated for a moment and looked at Xia Ge with a strange look, "Do you owe him money?"

Xia Ge was taken aback, "No, I don't owe him any money."

Why did she look like someone who owed money?!

Chu Yao frowned, "If you owe him money, tell me how much and I'll help you pay it back."

Xia Ge was speechless. Why did she have to owe money to someone?

Xia Ge explained, "Actually, the thing is...this person has some issues."

She pointed to her head, looking helpless, "You don't know, although this person is particularly excellent in alchemy, he has some serious mental problems. He treats everyone like an enemy, especially me."

Chu Yao stared at her.

Xia Ge sighed, "Don't look at me like that. I didn't kill anyone."
