The wind on the mountain was a bit chilly. Ye Ze looked at her steadily. Xia Ge withdrew her hand, stood up straight, and said in a flat voice, "Do you have anything else to say?" Ye Ze closed his eyes. He had a lot to say. He remembered a long time ago, a pastry, a broken temple, a moonlight... and the cool wine and nightmares after a young man sacrificed his life. He had too much to say, but seeing Xia Ge's expression, he couldn't say anything. "Well, it seems like you don't have anything to say," Xia Ge said nonchalantly. "Then let me ask you, who told you about my situation?" Ye Ze looked at her and remained silent. Xia Ge raised her eyebrows. "Don't tell me it was some martial arts master who told you, and then you'll say that it's a secret that can't be leaked... Well, I don't think you would believe any random martial arts master, right?" She paused. "Or is it that you don't want to..." "It was Su Chan," Ye Ze finally spoke up, interrupting her casual guessing. Having lived a peaceful life for too long, Xia Ge felt as if she had traveled through time when she heard that name. She paused, seemingly unable to react for a moment, and said, "Oh, her..." But soon, she widened her eyes, and her heart was in turmoil. Su Chan? What's going on with Su Chan?! Wasn't she always a junior priestess in the Demon Cult? Hadn't Su Chan long ago figured out that she wasn't the real deal? Wait, if she had figured it out a long time ago, with that woman's temperament, how could she not do anything about it? This news was too surprising. Xia Ge didn't come back to her senses for a long time. "Also, about my mother," Ye Ze carefully chose his words, "...she has gradually remembered some things. About her face, she asked me to thank you." Xia Ge felt a creepy sensation when she thought about Su Chan secretly examining her from head to toe. She felt uneasy even looking at Ye Ze, but she tried to keep a straight face and said, "Oh, is Mrs. Ye doing well?" Without waiting for Ye Ze to answer, Xia Ge said, "Please give my regards to Mrs. Ye and go back." Thinking about Su Chan standing behind Ye Ze, Xia Ge couldn't feel at ease.
Ye Ze looked at her.

"Of course, if you want to stay here, I won't stop you," Xia Ge glanced at him, "but to be honest, I don't like seeing you."

The girl's glance was emotionless, plain and simple, as if she was looking at a stranger.

Ye Ze clenched his fists slightly, feeling a mix of emotions.

Xia Ge went inside.

The door closed tightly in front of Ye Ze.

"...be careful lately," Ye Ze whispered, "Chang Family has issued a wanted order for you."

There was no sound outside the door.

It seemed like the person had left.

Xia Ge squatted at the door, looking up at the dim sky: "He's the male lead."

The system "hmm"ed.

"Because of him, I have suffered so much," Xia Ge continued to look at the sky.

The system: "..."

"Sometimes life is like a shapeless puzzle," Xia Ge sighed, pretending to be emotional, "occasionally encountering pieces that don't fit is inevitable."

The system: "Your style is the most 'hydrogen' in the whole book."

Xia Ge pretended to sigh: "That's why I always run into people with the wrong style."

The system: "..."

Just as they were talking, Gu Peijiu came out of the room. The night was gentle, and her voice was soft: "Are you done talking?"

Xia Ge's eyes lit up, and she quickly ran over, "Yes, we're done."

Gu Peijiu asked, "Are you happy now?"

Xia Ge said, "A little bit..."
After a pause, she continued, "Thinking about the things I used to do, I also feel like I was really silly...but there's nothing I can do about it."

Gu Peijiu's voice slightly rose, "Oh?"

Xia Ge said, "Because if it weren't for him, there wouldn't be the me now."

"In our place, there's a saying, good girls will always encounter a few scumbags, right?" She gently held Gu Peijiu's hand and thought for a moment. "Or maybe, after encountering a few scumbags, they'll understand themselves better, like a piece of unpolished jade...?"

Gu Peijiu chuckled, "Is that so?"

Under the gentle moonlight, Gu Peijiu's smile was shallow, as if it was a painting.

Xia Ge was momentarily stunned.

She murmured, "...If it's you in the end, I'm willing to encounter more scumbags."

Gu Peijiu stopped laughing, touched her head, and said, "What are you saying? Let's go back and rest."

"No, let's do something else..."

Gu Peijiu was about to go back while holding the girl's hand, but her gaze suddenly turned to the sky.

The bright moon was blocked by a large black cloud.

Tiny traces of magic surrounded the entire mountain, and they were watching the small courtyard that was guarded by a barrier.

It was as if there was something lurking in the darkness.

Xia Ge noticed that Gu Peijiu hadn't moved for a long time and asked, "Senior Sister?"

Gu Peijiu withdrew her gaze and looked at her as if nothing had happened. "What's wrong?"

Xia Ge followed her gaze and only saw a cloud passing by the white moon. She asked in confusion, "What were you looking at just now, Senior Sister?"

Gu Peijiu paused and said, "The moon."

Xia Ge looked at it for a while, and said meaningfully, "The moon is really beautiful tonight."
Gu Peijiu's lips curved into a slight smile.

"Okay."

The two held hands, as if in that moment, there were no worries in the world.

---

In her past life, after the war, many puppets fell apart. In truth, the ten years of scavenging should not have caused such great public anger, but putting oneself in the shoes of the puppets who accompanied the Chu King to war, it was difficult to return home to reunite with family and loved ones after finally pacifying the land. The day before, they were still enjoying warmth with their wives and children, but the next day, they became broken dolls, discarded by others without a sound.

For a time, the puppet technique of Lingxi Peak was pushed to the forefront of public opinion. The people believed that Xia Wushuang simply wanted to create war machines, which undoubtedly caused public resentment. People flocked to the mountain to throw eggs and bricks, and Lingxi Peak suddenly became the center of public condemnation.

And at some point, many villages experienced mysterious bloodshed with no culprit to be found. People were fearful, and the cultivators who investigated discovered that the villagers had all been devoured by evil spirits.

Originally, these were two separate incidents, but when linked together, it made people think deeply. Many people connected the two incidents, believing that Xia Wushuang's creation of puppets to assist the Chu King in the war was against the will of heaven, and thus heaven had sent down divine punishment...

For a time, the people were full of complaints.

When the Chu King heard the news, he immediately issued an edict exempting the puppet families who participated in the war from corvée taxes and rewarding them with 100 taels of silver per person. However, Lingxi Peak was far from the capital, and with the Chu King's intention to delay, the edict was not truly issued until it was too late.

Even though Xia Wushuang closed herself off from the outside world and Gu Peijiu occasionally watched over her and prevented her from leaving, she was not a fool.

Xia Wushuang fiddled with the nine-link chain out of boredom, taking it apart and putting it back together again. Eventually, she grew bored and asked casually, "Has anything happened recently?"

Gu Peijiu paused in her sword polishing, but her expression did not change. "No."

In reality, many people had already gone up the mountain to punish Xia Wushuang, but the Chu King had not made any moves, as if he had not heard any rumors. The people who did not receive compensation were naturally extremely angry, as seen in the case of the boss who did not pay his workers.

All Gu Peijiu could do was compensate as many people as possible without alarming Xia Wushuang.

Xia Wushuang said, "Oh," then asked, "How long are you going to keep me locked up? Even prisoners get to go outside for some fresh air."

Gu Peijiu remained silent and continued polishing her sword.

Xia Wushuang narrowed her eyes.

Something was not right... something was off.

Although Gu Peijiu had cut off the spiritual connection between puppeteer and puppet, and had been with her for ten years, even though Gu Peijiu did not speak much, Xia Wushuang could still detect her emotions if she observed carefully.
Although her face seemed expressionless, her eyebrows were slightly furrowed and the corners of her mouth were slightly downturned.

There are many types of expressionless faces, such as those with relaxed facial muscles and those who are slightly nervous and don't know how to react.

Usually, it's when Su Chan has done something that's hard to explain but not worth complaining about, or when she's got crumbs stuck on the corner of her mouth from eating osmanthus cake and Gu Peijiu doesn't want to embarrass her, or when she encounters a difficult problem that she can't solve easily, that she shows the latter expressionless face, as if facing a great enemy.

Xia Wushuang was very curious about what had happened outside that could make Gu Peijiu show such an expression.

"Why aren't you talking? I'm bored." After dismantling and reassembling the Nine Rings Puzzle, Xia Wushuang threw it aside and began her usual rude behavior. "I want to eat something, go make it for me."

Gu Peijiu wiped her sword, the Asking Love Sword, and hung it on the wall. "What do you want to eat?"

Xia Wushuang, with malicious intent, said, "Tomato and egg soup."

Gu Peijiu turned around, looking a bit confused.

In the past ten years, Xia Wushuang had mentioned tomatoes before, and had found substitutes for them, but she preferred to call them "tomatoes."

For example, "Isn't this a disgusting thing like a rotten tomato hitting you in the face..." or "How can you be so foolish, like tomatoes mixed with tofu brains"... and so on.

So when she mentioned tomatoes, Gu Peijiu really didn't know what they were.

But Xia Wushuang didn't care whether she knew how to make it or not, she just kept being unreasonable: "I want to eat it, I have to eat it--"

If she knew what it was, that was her business, but Xia Wushuang's goal was to make her not know.

Gu Peijiu thought for a moment and went out the door. "Wait here."

The large cave was empty.

Xia Wushuang quickly got up from the bed, picked up the Asking Love Sword, and the sword's mysterious patterns shone brightly. She swung it a few times and took out a round, shiny object from her pocket. "I have to know what's going on outside..."

She rolled the bead on the ground, but nothing happened. Xia Wushuang hesitated for a moment. "...Why isn't it working?"

After thinking for a moment, Xia Wushuang crouched down and tentatively touched the bead--

The next moment, a hole appeared out of nowhere on the ground, and Xia Wushuang rolled down without even making a sound.

...It was the Earthhiding Bead.

When Gu Peijiu came back with the tomato and egg soup, not only was Xia Wushuang gone, but even the sword was nowhere to be seen.
"Crash-"

The delicate ceramic plate shattered on the ground, and her complexion turned slightly pale.
