Xia Ge used the Ghost Shadow technique to carry Mao Qing up the mountain. Her consciousness seemed to be a bit fuzzy, holding onto Xia Ge's neck and murmuring.

"I seem to see the stars from that day..."

Stars? What is she talking about?

Xia Ge: "...Are they bright?"

Mao Qing chuckled softly. "No, they're not. It's very dark."

In fact, there were no stars, nothing at all.

On the way there, some disciples from Jianfeng saw her, but she didn't bother with them and just carried Mao Qing back to the academy. She needed to ask her master what to do.

When they arrived, Xia Ge placed Mao Qing on the windowsill of the side hall. Her master didn't inquire about how she became a spy for Jianfeng, but just looked at Mao Qing's arrow wound and sighed.

"It seems like this wound is not light."

"Master, can you heal her?"

Xia Ge asked anxiously.

"It's soul poison." Her master stroked his goatee, assessed Mao Qing, and said, "I can't tell... This child's mental fortitude is quite strong."

Xia Ge was confused.

Her master explained, "When someone is poisoned with soul poison, their soul will be directly corroded. If their soul is not strong enough, they will be quickly corroded by the poison, become mentally confused and talk nonsense, and eventually become insane or lose their soul."

"So serious?"

"Of course," her master said, "However, people with very strong souls can resist the poison with their own soul power. Although they may occasionally experience some mental confusion, it's not a big deal."

"Then, can't we just use the Hundred Souls Pill?" Xia Ge remembered that she had just read about it in a book today.

Her master replied, "The demonic cult never used poisoned weapons before, so Danfeng didn't take any precautions against it. This sudden use of soul poison was unexpected, so although we have prepared antidotes, they are all fake Profound-level pills."
Xia Ge: "...pseudo Profound level?"

Master: "The current Profound level alchemist in Danfeng is only one person, and he is busy with affairs. It is impossible for him to work day and night to refine hundreds of Profound level Baihun Pills."

"One... senior sister!!"

"But senior sister went to Kuzhu Village to resist the evil ghost tide!"

Xia Ge: "...pseudo Profound level is also possible, right?"

Master: "Pseudo Profound level can temporarily alleviate the soul poison, but it only treats the symptoms and not the root cause. The reason why it is called soul poison is because it corrodes the soul through the body, making people gradually become foolish and strange. Pseudo Profound level Baihun Pills can only alleviate it for a day or two, and if it is too late, no one knows what will happen."

"It makes people...foolish and strange?"

Xia Ge looked at Mao Qing, and Mao Qing also looked at her, with a slightly confused look.

The master touched his goatee, treated Mao Qing's arrow wound, and turned to get the pseudo Profound level Baihun Pill. "You watch her, I'll go get the medicine first..."

Xia Ge suddenly stopped the master. "Wait!"

The master turned around and looked at her. "What else?"

Xia Ge's heart beat slightly. "...the materials for Baihun Pill... do you have them?"

Before she could finish her sentence, there was a loud bang, and the door of the hall was kicked open. Several sword peak disciples holding swords rushed in. "Arrest Xia Wuyin!"

"Outrageous! The demons below the mountain are causing chaos. Instead of resisting the attack, you're causing trouble here!" The master said.

"If it weren't for the spy leaking information, we wouldn't be so flustered!" The sword peak disciple said sternly. "Catch her!"

The master stood in front of Xia Ge and said, "Who dares to come up!"

The sword peak disciple said, "You don't stop me. Now that more than half of the sword peak disciples below the mountain are suffering from soul poison, it is difficult to ease our anger without catching the culprit!"

"You say I'm a spy, where is the evidence?"

Xia Ge slowly walked out from behind the master, with a cold expression. "Show me the evidence, and I'll go with you."

The sword peak disciple was at a loss for words and said after a while, "A burnt puppet was found at Lord Chu's place, and only you have that kind of puppet among the three peaks! Who else could it be!?"

"How ridiculous, just because only I have it means it must be me?" Xia Ge sneered and then said, "I asked you to provide evidence, not to slander others without any basis!"
"Stop talking! Catch him!"

The disciples of Jianfeng rushed forward, but the young man in the Danfeng plain clothes in front of them smirked. In the next moment, a dazzling token suddenly appeared in his hand.

"Who gave you the right to arrest the head of a peak?!"

The Jianfeng disciples were stunned, and even the master beside them took a breath.

The leading disciple exclaimed, "This is impossible!"

The master said, "Xia Wuyin, this..."

Xia Ge smiled lightly and interrupted him, "I am the temporary head of this peak now. If there is anything, please come back and discuss it with the senior sister."

The older disciple's face turned red. "This token is fake! Attack him!"

The master said, "Who dares to touch her?!"

He stepped forward to Xia Ge and carefully examined the palm print in her hand. He confirmed, "This is the palm print of our peak! It's absolutely correct!"

One of the disciples next to him stared at the token in Xia Ge's hand and whispered, "I've seen it before, it seems... it's real."

The disciple who accused Xia Ge of faking the token glared at him and then looked at Xia Ge again. "Don't think it's that easy to get away! When the demons retreat from the mountain, our eldest brother will come in person!"

With the head of the peak on her side, unless Chang Lan personally intervened, no one could harm Xia Ge.

After they left in a huff, the master's expression became complicated. "This palm print..."

Xia Ge said, "Bixi gave it to me. I also... forget it, master, let's not talk about this. Do you have the Kuli Hundred Soul Pill and the materials for refining it?"

The master stroked his goatee and said, "There are quite a few materials, but you..."

Xia Ge interrupted him, "Bring them all!"

The master glanced at her and didn't ask any more questions. He went to get the materials.

Mao Qing was lying on the bed, her waist wound was bandaged, and she was sweating profusely. She closed her eyes, and her lips turned purple.

Xia Ge squatted down, wrung out a wet towel and wiped the sweat from Mao Qing's forehead, whispering, "You'll be fine."

Mao Qing lay still and didn't respond.
Xia Ge put the towel back in the copper basin, thought for a moment, took out a candy from her pocket, peeled it, and put it in her mouth.

Mao Qing's eyes opened slightly, looking at her. Under her long eyelashes, there was a beautiful and moist watercolor.

Xia Ge asked, "Is it sweet?"

Mao Qing's voice was a little hoarse, and her eyes were hazy. "…sweet."

"If you know it's sweet, don't always bring trouble upon yourself," Xia Ge threw the candy wrapper into the basket next to her, "this is an arrow that could have been avoided."

Mao Qing honestly said, "I'm sorry."

Xia Ge said, "It's you who got hurt. Why are you apologizing to me? I won't get hurt."

"No one is immune to injury," Mao Qing innocently said, "if it doesn't hurt, then it's definitely not ruthless enough."

Xia Ge rubbed her forehead, "…Do you have to argue with me?" And the focus is completely wrong.

Wouldn't the central soul poison become strange? This is not strange, this is completely mentally abnormal.

Mao Qing said, "Oh, the wound hurts a little."

Xia Ge changed the subject, "…Your eyelashes are really long."

Mao Qing said, "Huh?"

Xia Ge said, "Still hurting?"

Mao Qing smiled, "It hurts."

As the two were talking, the master came with medicine and materials. Xia Ge poured a glass of water for Mao Qing and fed her the medicine.

After taking the Hundred Soul Pill, Mao Qing's complexion seemed to improve a bit, but she still looked very tired, with half-opened eyes.

The master pointed to the materials on the side and said, "These materials?"

Xia Ge picked up the materials and whispered, "I remember there is also an alchemy furnace over here?"

The master was surprised, "Are you going to…"

Xia Ge replied, "Yes, I want to try."
The two of them hadn't finished talking when another disciple from the Sword Peak burst in. The master raised his beard and said, "What are you doing lurking--" Before he could finish the word "around," the disciple knelt down with a "thud" and said, "More than half of the Sword Peak disciples fighting against the Demon Cult are poisoned, and the losses are heavy. Please give us medicine, Master!"

The master paused for a moment upon hearing this, but did not hesitate to respond, "How much do you need? But let me tell you, we do have the Hundred Soul Pill, but they are all fake Profound-level pills. If you want to truly detoxify, you have to wait for someone to come back."

It was obvious who they were waiting for.

The disciple said, "This..."

Then he gritted his teeth and said, "Please give the pill to the disciple first."

"You come with me to get the pill," the master looked at the disciple and agreed.

Although the three peaks usually had internal conflicts, they would definitely unite against external enemies. He then pointed to a pill room and said to Xia Ge, "There is a pill furnace over there. If you want to try, go ahead. For so many years, the Dan Peak has not lacked medicinal materials... Ah, I heard that you have refined the Three-Life Golden Pill in the Dan Competition, so you must have some talent. Try to see if you can refine the fake Profound-level Hundred Soul Pill."

The implication was that he did not believe Xia Ge could refine the genuine Hundred Soul Pill.

No, maybe it wasn't that he didn't believe... but after so many years since the big fire, besides Gu Peijiu with her innate Dan pulse, he had not seen anyone else who could refine Profound-level pills.

Xia Ge bowed to the master and said, "Thank you."

The system said, "Have you made up your mind?"

Xia Ge nodded and whispered, "I think I understand what you meant that day, about becoming an alchemist not to become someone's target or to show courage."

She put down the book and picked up the materials on the side. The spiritual energy stored in her spiritual veins flowed through her body's meridians and condensed onto the materials in her hand. She made them resonate with the spiritual energy in the air, and the spiritual herbs gradually emitted a beautiful spiritual light. Xia Ge then threw the herbs soaked in spiritual energy into the furnace, and the flames burst into a brilliant light. She whispered, "I think you're right."

Down the mountain, Chang Lan had opened the mountain protection formation and temporarily blocked the attack of the Demon Cult's puppet soldiers. It took a lot of time and spiritual power to activate the formation, and Chang Lan was exhausted after defending against the puppet soldiers that had already entered the mountain. With his help, the efficiency was greatly improved, but after dealing with everything, he was also quite exhausted.

On the other side, the Sword Peak disciples were severely injured, and many of those with weak wills had already lost their minds due to the soul poison, speaking incoherently and scratching everywhere. The wounds that had been urgently bandaged were torn open again, causing them to roll around in pain, and they had to be tied up tightly with cloth in the end.

The wailing continued, and chaos reigned.
Chu Yi was using her spiritual power to help stabilize the mountain protection array when suddenly a pleasant bell sound rang out, causing her to stiffen.

One of the disciples carrying the injured looked at Chu Yi and said, "Junior Sister, your bell seems to be ringing? Is it some kind of magical tool?"

Chu Yi paused for a moment and casually replied, "It's just the family's communication bell."

"Oh, I see. Then I'll go first." The disciple didn't inquire further and hurriedly left with the injured. Chu Yi looked at the bell that had trembled twice before returning to calmness and thought of what she had heard using the Silver Butterfly that night. Her gaze deepened involuntarily.

When the owner's realm changes, the Demon Summoning Bell will ring, and when the state of mind changes, the Immortal Summoning Bell will ring.

"How are the casualties?" 

Chang Lan didn't pay attention to Chu Yi's abnormality and asked the disciple reporting the situation with a tired voice.

"...A disciple from Sword Peak is severely injured." The reporting disciple said, "The Demon Cult is despicable, and their weapons are coated with soul poison!"

Chang Lan's face suddenly darkened, and he asked in a low voice, "Does Dan Peak have any Hundred-Soul Pills?"

"We have sent someone to ask."

As they were speaking, another disciple approached, the one who went to capture Xia Wu Yin. Chang Lan saw him and his eyebrows twitched slightly, "...Where is she? Did you catch her?"

The disciple looked resentful and said, "Reporting to Senior Brother, we didn't."

Chang Lan thought of what Chang Nian said to him before he left and rubbed his temples with a headache, "What's going on? We can't even catch a disciple from Dan Peak with such a big operation?"

"That's because she has the Dan Peak's palm command." The disciple said.

Chang Nian mentioned before he left that a puppet doll was left behind after the Demon Cult spy attacked, and for some reason, Chu Yao didn't report it. He asked him to investigate and mentioned in passing that Xia Wu Yin, a talented disciple of Dan Peak, often carried a doll that looked very similar to a puppet.

In addition, there was no clue to the search for the Demon Cult spy, and there were so many restless things happening recently. Following the principle of rather killing a thousand by mistake than letting one go, Chang Lan wanted to capture her first, ask about the reason, and then make other plans.

But...

Chang Lan's hand slipped on his temple, "...What? Palm command?"

"Yes, palm command... but it doesn't matter, as long as Senior Brother takes action, we'll definitely catch her!" The disciple said.

Chang Lan silently looked at the disciple who was being moved back and forth due to the soul poison, feeling that not only his head hurt, but his entire scalp and brain hurt as well.

"Senior Brother, you must not let the spy go!" The disciple said.

 
"Nature will not let it go." Chang Lan rubbed her temples. "Has the disciple who went to ask about the Hundred Soul Pill arrived yet?"

"They have!" 

The disciple who went to Dan Peak to inquire about the medicine returned with a worried expression. "Senior Brother... the pharmacist at Dan Peak said that currently, the inventory only has a pseudo Profound-level Hundred Soul Pill, which only treats the symptoms and not the root cause. It can only delay for a day."

Chang Lan said, "A day's delay is still a delay. I will send a message to Senior Sister Gu to hurry back. You, and you, come with me. After I finish sending the message, we'll go and meet... Xia Wuyin."
