After parting with Chu Yao, Xia Ge went to the persimmon forest and grabbed a handful of persimmons. Holding the heavy fruit, Xia Ge felt that her trip to Jianfeng was not in vain.

On the way back to Danfeng, she felt uneasy.

"Xiao Kui, Xiao Kui," she called out a few times, but there was no response.

"Still not awake," Xia Ge thought nothing of it. Usually, when she was sick or unconscious, the system would enter standby mode.

Perhaps this was an old and poorly maintained system. Sometimes, even if she wasn't malfunctioning, the system hadn't fully recovered from standby mode.

But it would be fine in a moment.

Now she had many worries.

First of all...Chu Yao seemed to have discovered her identity as a puppet master. Although she seemed to be keeping it a secret, there were no walls that could keep secrets in this world.

Often, when one person knows, it means that a second person knows, then a third, a fourth...until it becomes too late to stop, and many, many people know.

At that time, she could pack up and leave Danfeng.

"Ah, it's really worrying," Xia Ge sighed. She picked up a piece of dogtail grass and held it in her mouth, clutching her head as she walked down the mountain. Her second worry was simple to explain, but it was really troublesome.

That was...obviously, now, besides Chu Yao, there was already a "second" or "third" person who knew her identity as a puppet master.

The only good thing was that they were not from Lingxi Peak.

They were from the demonic cult.

From observing over the past few days, it was clear that Huo Bai had been replaced by someone from the demonic cult. She had not taken action before because her thinking was simple. She thought that the people from the demonic cult believed that if "Huo Bai" suddenly disappeared, it would be too abrupt, so they would use a fake "Huo Bai" temporarily. But now...obviously, it was more than that.

Now that she thought about it, the reason for the replacement was probably because they had already discovered her not-so-sincere deception.

Once the little puppet she had placed on Bai Ren's body was exposed, she naturally couldn't let the "possibly controlled" Bai Ren continue to be a spy. She had to change people. And since the little puppet was exposed, the demonic cult probably knew that she was a puppet master too.

Soul stealing was indeed troublesome for ordinary people, but for a sect like the demonic cult, which treated puppetry like a child's plaything, the skill of soul-stealing was not difficult to solve, although it was easy to fall victim to it.

"Ah."
Summer threw away the dog tail grass, feeling a bit down. Little Puppet was right to scold her earlier. She shouldn't have thrown the little puppet bomb. 

Once again, she was seen through by Chu Yao and targeted by the Demon Cult. 

She made the worst and dumbest move, without a doubt. 

System: "Indeed, it was dumb." 

Summer was startled. "You're awake?" 

System: "Mm." 

Summer sighed, feeling melancholic. "Sigh, but I've basically achieved my goals. There's nothing else to it." 

The system pondered for a moment. "Speaking of which, why didn't you expose Huo Bai earlier?" 

Summer replied, "I couldn't expose him all along." 

System: "Huh?" 

Summer explained, "At first, I knew about it, but I didn't expose him because I needed him to be useful... with his help, it was convenient to give the Ghost Dragon Jade to Ye Ze." 

The system said, "I know that, but what about after everything was over?" 

Summer said, "There was nothing that happened on the day Huo Bai had nothing to do, so I couldn't be sure if he was the one who attacked me that night. So I decided to wait and see. After all, anyone could talk big, but some things still require evidence." 

The system fell silent. 

Summer sighed. "Sigh, I just didn't expect it to be a switcheroo." She felt melancholic. "Now that the other party is holding onto my identity as a puppet master, if I get caught, it's like my old secrets will be exposed soon." 

The system said, "It sounds like you're in a precarious situation." 

Summer replied, "Not really. Don't be so despairing. Let's just take it one step at a time. After all, no matter what happens, it won't be worse than before." 

The system said, "That fake Huo Bai today wanted to kill you, right?" 

Summer replied, "If he could kill me, would I still be alive?" 

"Huo Bai isn't the problem. I'm afraid the Demon Cult will make some more trouble later." 

As they chatted like this, they returned to Danfeng, feeling relaxed and happy.
Who knows how long it had been since Xia Ge had felt relaxed and happy, when unexpectedly she saw someone at the door, causing her previously light footsteps to become stiff.

"…Senior Sister?"

Gu Peiju glanced at her indifferently, "You're back?"

Xia Ge realized her mistake and awkwardly laughed, "Senior Sister, it's so late and you're still not going back, waiting for me?"

Gu Peiju made a sound of agreement.

Xia Ge: "…"

"You skipped class, both in the afternoon and evening." Gu Peiju stated, "Master has complained to me, asking me to discipline you properly."

She looked at Xia Ge, her eyes unconsciously sweeping over the bright wooden puppet hanging from the young man's waist, and her furrowed brows slightly relaxed for a moment.

"Where did you go?"

"I… was called away by a senior sister from Sword Peak today." Xia Ge's eyes drifted away from Gu Peiju's gaze, "In order to promote friendly and harmonious development between Dan Peak and Sword Peak, I sacrificed myself and chatted with that senior sister from Sword Peak about life… I didn't do anything."

"Skipping class without reason." Gu Peiju concluded.

Xia Ge immediately denied it, "No! I…"

Gu Peiju just stared at her, saying nothing.

The moonlight in her eyes carried an indescribable chill.

Xia Ge tried to argue for a while but ran out of breath, and her voice lowered after a while, "Sorry, Senior Sister, I skipped class without reason."

Gu Peiju asked, "What did you do with that senior sister today?"

Xia Ge: "…" What did she do?

If she said she went to eat meat and drink, she would be beaten.

Xia Ge tried to justify her skipping class, "That senior sister said she wanted to teach me something."

Gu Peiju asked, "What did she teach you?"
Xia Ge thought for a moment, "Bend the bow and shoot the eagle."

The system: "..."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

"Eagle?" Gu Peijiu narrowed her eyes slightly, "I don't know if that eagle is a bat or a goose?"

Xia Ge's expression shifted slightly, "Well, it could also be a pheasant..."

"...Isn't it better to master a variety of techniques?" Gu Peijiu said.

Seeing that her senior sister's expression didn't look good, Xia Ge lowered her head obediently, "Senior sister, I was wrong, please punish me to copy the Dan training."

"I'm not your senior sister," Gu Peijiu said in a light voice, "You have so many senior sisters, one less won't make a difference."

After speaking, she turned to leave.

The endless blooming white flowers were shining brilliantly, reflecting the red and white maple leaves on the girl's clothes, covered in a layer of hazy moonlight. Her back was slender and it looked like she would disappear if she took a few more steps.

"No, no, no!"

Xia Ge's brain went blank at the words, and when she came to her senses, she had already run to Gu Peijiu's side and grabbed her sleeve. After holding her breath for a while, she said, "...it's not like that."

Gu Peijiu turned her head to look at Xia Ge, who was pulling on her sleeve.

The girl looked up at her with cat-like eyes, shining with a pitiful and cute light. "It's not like that," she whispered. "There's only one."

Gu Peijiu looked away and gazed into the distance at the flowering trees, saying nothing.

But she didn't leave either.

Xia Ge hugged Gu Peijiu's hand and whispered, "Maybe, um, senior sister can have many."

Gu Peijiu didn't look at her.

"But, but you're different."

The girl's voice was faintly tinged with a hint of grievance.
Gu Peijiu asked, "What's different?"

Xia Ge thought for a moment and said, "...you're good to me."

There could be many senior sisters, but there's only one who's so good to me, and that's you.

Gu Peijiu looked at the flower tree in the distance, covered by moonlight, for a while.

"Do you like it?"

Xia Ge held Gu Peijiu's hand, and for a moment, she didn't react to what she was asking, but she instinctively said, "I like it! I like Senior Sister the most!"

Anyway, no matter what, liking is the most important thing!

Gu Peijiu's fingertips trembled slightly, and after a while, she whispered, "I was talking about the puppet."

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge's face turned slightly red, "I like it, I like the puppet, Senior Sister... I like it too."

Gu Peijiu didn't react much.

Xia Ge felt that the other party was still angry, and said confidently, "Don't be angry, I won't skip class or lie anymore, I'll listen to the lessons every day... I won't make myself sick either."

The moonlight was gentle, and the flower tree was brilliant.

In the end, Xia Ge suddenly felt a little sad, "If only I could really do it."

Gu Peijiu instinctively looked down at her.

The girl's eyes were red and she looked very sad.

Why can't she do it?

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, but didn't ask. She just sighed slightly, "Why are you crying?"

Xia Ge: "I'm not a good child."

Gu Peijiu: "No one is born good."
Xia Ge looked at him with red eyes and said, "But at the beginning, people are inherently good."

Gu Peiju: "..."

After thinking for a moment, Gu Peiju said, "You haven't become irredeemable yet."

Xia Ge asked, "So you're not mad at me anymore?"

Gu Peiju replied, "Hmm."

Before Xia Ge could even smile, Gu Peiju said, "You're not allowed to go to Sword Peak from now on."

Xia Ge asked, "What? Why?"

Without looking at her, Gu Peiju said, "You heard me. Say 'yes' or 'no'."

"You can say 'no', or you can lie to me and say 'yes'."

Xia Ge thought for a moment and whispered, "Yes."

Gu Peiju looked at her.

Xia Ge raised her hand and said, "I'm not lying."

But she couldn't help adding, "But if something happens, I'll have to go to Sword Peak."

Gu Peiju said, "You can tell me."

Xia Ge said, "Okay."

Xia Ge thought for a moment and asked, "Are you still going to make me copy the alchemy book?"

Gu Peiju asked, "Do you want to?"

Xia Ge immediately shook her head and said, "No, I don't want to."

After they finished talking, Gu Peiju said, "The mid-term exam is coming soon, so don't play around too much."

Xia Ge suddenly shuddered and asked, "What? There's a mid-term exam? What are we being tested on?"
Gu Peijiu looked at her.

Xia Ge: "......"

Xia Ge silently took out a persimmon from her pocket and quietly stuffed it into Gu Peijiu's sleeve. "Um, senior sister, this persimmon is super sweet. I brought it specially for you from Jianfeng. I wanted you to try it just now."

Towards the end, she made a pitiful expression. "Who knew that you would get angry after only a few words."

The system: "......" You can't even bring up the midterm exam, can you?

Gu Peijiu: "......"

Xia Ge looked at her earnestly, her two cat-like eyes shining.

The persimmon in her hand still carried the warmth from being held in a young girl's embrace.

Gu Peijiu asked, "Do you want to know what will be on the exam?"

"No, no, I didn't mean it like that. Haha, senior sister, don't randomly assume things about me..." Xia Ge laughed brilliantly, pulling on Gu Peijiu's sleeve as she looked at the moon. "The moon is so bright tonight. But if senior sister insists on telling me, I won't refuse to know... This persimmon is really sweet."

The system: "......" How can someone be so shameless?

Gu Peijiu calmly picked up the persimmon. "From Jianfeng?"

Xia Ge had a bad feeling. "Um, yeah."

"Give me your hand."

Xia Ge obediently extended her hand.

Gu Peijiu took Xia Ge's hand and placed the persimmon in it, her expression calm. "Then give it to your senior sister at Jianfeng as a bribe. She's so nice, she'll definitely tell you the answer."

After speaking, she turned and walked away.

Xia Ge: "......"

Xia Ge: "Ah, senior sister! I picked this from Shoufeng!! Shoufeng!!"
