"She wouldn't just watch you fall like that."

...It seemed like a memory.

That person who seemed so high and mighty was always on her side.

Unconsciously...it had happened many times.

Mo Family Village, Entrance Exam, Black Market.

Senior Martial Sister...who seemed so cold on the surface.

But when she held her hand, it wasn't as cold as it seemed.

Her hand was warm.

Xia Ge stood in place, staring at the stars for a long time.

A while later.

"Let's go back, you must be tired."

After taking a few steps, a faint light flashed in the sky. Xia Ge reached out her hand and a familiar red silk ribbon appeared, wrapping itself around her wrist.

It was Xiao Xiangsi.

"Thanks for your hard work." Xia Ge said, and Xiao Xiangsi affectionately rubbed against her wrist, then tied herself into a beautiful bow, proudly flapping her "wings".

Xia Ge: "..."

She probably understood what it meant... "I can tie it myself now?"

Xia Ge awkwardly praised her, "Wow, Xiao Xiangsi, you're really amazing."

"You're amazing too." The girl's light laughter rang out, like a ghost.

Xia Ge suddenly panicked, "Who?!"

There were many snow-white flower trees on Danfeng Road.

When Xia Ge turned around, she saw a blue-clothed girl with black hair and almond-shaped eyes, shining with a cold moonlight, sitting on a snow-white flower tree.
Petals fluttered in the air, devoid of any romantic atmosphere. Instead, a chilling feeling permeated the surroundings.

"Fine, I can avoid the first day, but not the fifteenth," said Chu Yi.

"Yo, isn't this the Miss from Sword Peak?" Xia Ge remained calm. "Why aren't you heading back yet at this late hour?"

Chu Yi smiled lightly. "I wanted to see the legendary genius of Dan Peak."

Xia Ge laughed. "Well, you've seen him. You should head back now, Miss."

Chu Yi leaped lightly from the flower tree, her beautiful silver butterfly sleeve fluttering in the wind like a butterfly. She landed silently on the ground.

"What's the rush?" Chu Yi spoke slowly. "There's still a question that hasn't been answered."

Xia Ge blinked. "What question?"

Chu Yi raised her hand, and a beautiful silver butterfly flew from the distant sky, flickering with a bright glow. It landed on Chu Yi's fingertips. "For example, how did your clothes charm suddenly appear in Sword Peak?"

Before Xia Ge could respond, Chu Yi continued, "Or why did it bring my silver butterfly to the room of your Dan Peak disciple?"

Xia Ge lied, "It didn't happen, Miss. You're so beautiful that you must have mistaken it. My clothes charm is well-behaved and never harms flowers or brings strange things home. It couldn't have gone to Sword Peak."

Chu Yi smiled faintly, and her fingertips moved. The silver butterfly floated gently in the air. "But my butterfly soul tells me that it followed me all the way from Sword Peak. It's your clothes charm."

"Oh?" Xia Ge smiled wryly. "Where's the evidence?"

"Even if you're from Sword Peak, you can't falsely accuse others. You said your silver butterfly followed my clothes charm..." Chu Yi revealed the slender red silk ribbon on her wrist. "You need evidence."

Everyone behind them saw a small golden ball of light, which was Xia Ge's clothes charm. The sky was dark, and it was covered in mud, making it difficult to see the original appearance of the red silk ribbon. As long as Xia Ge insisted that the clothes charm Chu Yi was chasing wasn't hers and that the senior sister's statement, "Xia Wuyin is with me," was an alibi, even if Chu Yi suspected her of being a spy, she couldn't do anything to her in the end.

Moreover, even if it was discovered that the clothes charm was hers, it wouldn't matter with the senior sister's testimony.

Chu Yi paused, probably realizing the intricacies of the situation. She retracted her smile, and the moonlight shone like silver as she looked at Xia Ge. After a while, she smiled again. "Xia Wuyin, have you ever said that you're good at attracting people?"

Xia Ge asked, "Have I?"

She didn't think she was attractive, but rather, she found herself annoying.
After a while, Xia Ge widened her eyes in disbelief and said, "Miss, do you like me?"

She won't be found out, right? This hasn't been long, has it?

Chu Yi decisively replied, "I don't like you."

Xia Ge breathed a sigh of relief and said, "Oh, then someone else must like me."

Chu Yi remained silent.

Suddenly, Xia Ge felt that the way Chu Yi looked at her had become very cold, and her voice was vaguely chilly, "Are you worthy?"

For some reason, Xia Ge vaguely felt that she had accidentally grasped something crucial.

Could it be...

No, it couldn't be, right?

"No matter whether that clothes demon today belongs to you or not," Chu Yi looked up at her, lips curved in a smile, eyes cold, "I advise you to take care of yourself."

After speaking, she didn't say anything more and left with a wave of her sleeve.

Not long after the other party left.

System: "This atmosphere... did you steal her man?"

Xia Ge: "..."

Although she didn't steal a man... it seemed like the concept wasn't too far off.

Seeing Xia Ge not answering, the system was incredulous, "Did you really steal her man?"

Xia Ge: "Why are you so stupid? I thought you were smart just now. Shut up."

System: "..."

= =

After returning to Sword Peak from Dan Peak, everyone couldn't rest and continued to search, almost carpet-style, with very strict standards.

Especially the guards.
"Leave no place unchecked!"

"Who besides the guard team is not in the dorm tonight?"

"..."

Because of the spy incident, the disciples of Jianfeng were in chaos, with tense expressions everywhere. They swore to turn over every blade of grass and every tree of Jianfeng, not even letting a single ant go.

At such a critical moment, Ye Ze was lost in thought.

He looked at the jade in his hand, feeling confused in his mind. One moment he was thinking about the location where the jade was found, and the next moment he was thinking about the handsome young man who came out of Senior Sister's room with wet hair.

"Ye Ze, Lord Chu wants us to take a look around."

"Let's go," said Li Liu.

Ye Ze snapped out of his thoughts and muttered a low "okay" before following them.

As they walked further away, Li Liu noticed that Ye Ze's complexion didn't look too good. "Is something bothering you, Ye Brother?"

After a moment of silence, Ye Ze replied, "It's nothing."

"I see."

Li Liu noticed that Ye Ze didn't seem to want to talk about it, so he changed the subject. "Sigh, the actions of the demonic cult have been too bold recently. Who knows what they're planning."

"I have no idea," Ye Ze replied.

As they were talking, Li Liu suddenly noticed some movement in the east. "Hey, there seems to be something going on over there... You wait here, I'll go take a look."

"Li Senior Brother, do you want me to come with you?" Ye Ze asked.

Li Liu waved his hand. "No need. No one has checked that area yet, so you go take a look."

Ye Ze didn't follow him and instead stood there, silently looking at the missing corner of the ghost dragon jade in his hand.

"Hahaha, Little Ye, look at my dragon jade! You won't be afraid of evil spirits anymore!"
"Hey, Ye Ze, this liquor is so strong, but it really works. I drank it and slept until dawn."

...

After looking for a while, Ye Ze lowered his eyes and silently put away the jade, walking towards the direction pointed out by Li Liu.

The trees cast heavy shadows, and the moon was dark. He walked for a while and suddenly heard the faint sound of a bell.

The sound was crisp and continuous, like the camel bells in the desert, ringing in the quiet night, strange and eerie.

... Another bell?

He thought of the bell that Chang Nian said "doesn't ring."

Ye Ze furrowed his brows slightly, put his hand on the hilt of his sword, and walked towards the source of the sound.

The bell sound was faint and sometimes clear, sometimes muffled. Ye Ze followed the sound, zigzagging through a messy wild fruit forest, occasionally stepping on some rotten persimmons. Mosquitoes and flies buzzed around, and Ye Ze's brows became knotted. But when he saw the apples and persimmons hanging from the trees, he inexplicably thought that if the guy surnamed Xia came here, he would be very happy.

Ye Ze paused, not letting himself think anymore. After passing through the fruit forest, he saw a thorny patch, and the faint sound of the bell came from behind the thorny patch. There were disciples patrolling outside the thorny patch, and while they were busy catching spies outside, there was no movement here. The patrolling disciples had serious expressions and were full of spiritual energy, indicating that they were high-level disciples who had achieved success in their cultivation.

Ye Ze took a look and roughly knew where he was.

The thorny patch in front of the Sword Peak Prison.

Behind it was... Sword Peak Prison.

The bell was still ringing faintly.

Ye Ze stood there for a while and was soon discovered by someone. "Who are you?!"

Ye Ze didn't move and stayed where he was, waiting for the person to come over.

A square-faced patrolling disciple came over, saw Ye Ze, and his expression became extremely ugly. "Who are you? No one is allowed to approach here!"

Ye Ze took out his identity jade pendant. "I am from the Sword Peak Guard."

"Guard?" The square-faced patrolling disciple took the jade pendant and looked at Ye Ze. His tightly furrowed brows did not relax. He handed the jade pendant back to Ye Ze. "This is not where you should be! Go back!"

"Who is inside?" Ye Ze took the jade pendant and paused. "Why is there a bell ringing?"

"If you want to know who it is, you'll know if you go in. But you will be in big trouble, you little brat." The patrolling disciple pushed him. "But if you really want to know, I can tell you. The person inside is a crazy killer who doesn't blink an eye! The sound of the bell is her demon bell! Whoever hears it will have bad luck for eight generations!"
...Bell...Killing without blinking...

Ye Ze stumbled backward as he was pushed by him, and his heart tightened at the sound of those words.

The patrolling disciple didn't apologize for pushing him and spoke in a cold tone, "You better hurry back, this is not a place for kids!"

Ye Ze pursed his lips and didn't say anything. He dusted off his clothes and took one last look at the thorny bushes behind the patrolling disciple before turning around and leaving.

...Who could be locked up inside?
