Blood.

A lot of blood.

"Ah-"

A piercing scream, a child's cry.

Xia Ge sat up in shock, covered in sweat.

Pale moonlight shone in, the room was quiet.

The system hesitated, "Did you have a nightmare?"

Xia Ge touched her forehead, but as soon as she lifted her hand, she froze in place as if frightened.

Under the pale moonlight, her pale hand was covered in blood, terrifyingly eerie.

She shook her head and looked at her hand again, which was now white with nothing on it.

"What's wrong with me?" Xia Ge's face had no color, "I..."

After this, Xia Ge couldn't sleep anymore. She got up and looked out the window.

The moonlight was bright, and the dazzling white light was still shining on the top of the Thousand Soul Mountain in the distance.

That white light seemed to have the power to soothe people's hearts.

As Xia Ge looked at it, her turbulent emotions slowly calmed down.

However, this didn't mean that nothing had happened.

Xia Ge looked at the distant white light and then at her pale hand, her eyes empty.

The system asked, "What did you dream about? You look like you've seen a ghost."

Xia Ge moved her lips, wanting to say something, but in the end, she didn't say anything.

The system said, "Say something."

What should she say?
"The flying blood, the crying people.

And...

Myself, as the slaughterer.

The most terrifying thing is that it was real, not like a dream. When her sword swept across the throats of those people, the chilling and scorching sensation made her almost want to cry, but she couldn't stop.

Like an emotionless killing machine, she ruthlessly reaped lives in people's pain.

Nightmare.

Nightmare.

Can't breathe.

It took a long time for Xiage to recover from that nightmare.

She said, "I dreamt that I..."

She paused, and a smile appeared on her lips. "I was eating red ice cream at home."

The system said, "...your expression definitely wasn't for eating Haagen-Dazs."

After a pause, it asked again.

"Was it strawberry flavor?"

Xiage: "It wasn't strawberry flavor."

It was the taste of blood.

Xiage thought of her previous conversation with Suchan on the mountain.

She asked Suchan why she had to stay here.

At first, Suchan said, "Because you are my little priestess."

Later, seeing her impatience, he said something intriguing."
"Because, only here, you are yourself."

Xia Ge looked at her hands.

She didn't scoff at the words at the time, but felt that they were a bit strange.

Xia Ge thought of the moment before losing consciousness, the fear on the faces of the people in the Hundred Ghosts Cave, the reflection of herself in their eyes, and... the dream she just had.

Combined with her words, they always held some deep meaning.

And she had been staying obediently in the demon sect these days because of the inexplicable unease in her heart.

- Nothing is more frightening than the unknown from within oneself.

But if she were to ask Su Chan directly, she wouldn't give her an answer. Instead, she would avoid the question. The sentence "you are yourself" was the most direct answer Su Chan could give her.

Xia Ge began to recall.

When did she start feeling the sensation of "losing consciousness"?

"Little Puppet." Xia Ge asked uncertainly, "Is it possible for me... to have two personalities?"

The system said, "That doesn't exist... Did you just dream of another self eating Haagen-Dazs?"

Xia Ge was speechless. "Can you not mention Haagen-X anymore, since I'm feeling so down? Forget it if you don't have it. Even if you do, you can't eat it."

The system said, "You can eat it! In the store, Haagen-X tear ice cream is one hundred points each, and strawberry flavor is 90 points! You deserve to have it!"

Xia Ge couldn't control herself and opened the panel to take a look. She rolled her eyes. "Shut up, you peddler."

It's poisonous. Eating ice cream in the cold spring and eating Haagen-X tear made from mountain ingredients.

Seeing that the customer had no desire to buy, the system insincerely changed the topic. "Hey, you can't do anything about your worries now. Didn't I sell you a little flying saucer that can monitor your movements before?"

Xia Ge looked expressionlessly at the "little flying saucer" on the table that was turned into a sieve by the dark guards the day before.

... The high-tech of the system is truly heartbreaking and speechless as always.

The system is unreliable, and Xia Ge is too lazy to comment any further. Instead, she began to ponder her plans.
Su Chan is not shooting in the dark. There must be some meaning behind her words.

Because Xia Ge is sure - she didn't see Su Chan before losing consciousness.

In other words, she wasn't knocked out by Su Chan.

It was sudden, and she lost all her senses.

And because of this, she felt a strong and inexplicable unease, which made her like a startled bird, afraid to make any sudden movements.

The system said, "You can't just do nothing like this all the time."

"I always feel unstable," Xia Ge looked at the gentle light outside the window, "I want to figure out what happened to me..."

"What about your senior sister?" The system said, "You've been..."

Pausing, it said, "You've been acting like nothing happened these past few days. I always feel like you've forgotten everything."

Xia Ge helplessly said, "...I just don't know what else I can do."

She doesn't know what she can do now.

Xia Ge has never felt so powerless before.

And now, the unknown from within and the uncertain guesses are like a heavy boulder weighing on her heart, but she doesn't know where to throw it. She can only stand still, at a loss.

But she's getting more and more tired.

"I can't sleep."

Xia Ge changed her clothes and went out of the door. "Let's do something."

The system was surprised, "That thing?"

Xia Ge nodded, "Um...I plan to stay in the Demon Cult for now."

The system said, "Are you giving up?"

Little Xiangsi curled up on Xia Ge's wrist.

Xia Ge sneered, "If you have to think that way, then go ahead."
System: "......"

Xia Ge walked around a few times and arrived at a small workshop behind the priest's temple. It looked like a temporary black workshop, but as soon as Xia Ge unlocked it and went in, all kinds of precious materials immediately dazzled her eyes.

System: "......Is this what you asked Su Chan to help you with?"

Xia Ge responded with a "yes" and said, "You have to eat your rice one grain at a time, and do your tasks one step at a time."

The system said, "You should sell these things to me, and I'll help you achieve ascension in broad daylight..."

Xia Ge sneered, "With your level of unreliability, I'd have to be crazy to trust you."

The system insincerely said, "If the deal doesn't go through, let's still be friends, Host, don't be too heartless."

Xia Ge ignored it and went straight to her workbench to get busy.

The workbench was two meters square, and there was a skinless mechanical puppet lying quietly on it. The white bones made of high-quality celestial jade emitted a blue light under the glow of the night pearl. Xia Ge leaned down and pulled out a small jar from under the table, opening the lid.

The system exclaimed, "She actually gave you Yunshan mud!!"

Yunshan mud, a legendary soil from the divine realm, was said to be the material used by Nuwa to create humans.

Xia Ge's pupils slightly turned green, and with a glance of her beastly eyes, she saw its value and her hands trembled.

The system howled, "Did you sell yourself?! When did you hide from me and sell yourself to her?! You can't do anything to betray your senior sister! You have to be faithful to her!"

Xia Ge was speechless. You don't even have a body that can be sold, what's the point of being "faithful"?

"Wuwuwu, Yunshan mud, the ultimate dream of every puppet master, wuwuwu...you must have sold yourself wuwuwu..."

Xia Ge: "......" You're the one who sold yourself.

"Otherwise, how did you get it?!"

Xia Ge was actually a bit at a loss, "I just asked her to give me some materials to practice making skin."

Starting off so big, she felt a bit overwhelmed and inexplicably owed a big favor.
However, when she thought about what the other party had done, Xia Ge sneered and felt at ease in an instant.

She didn't owe her anything.

System: "......"

The jealous system said, "You can only say that you look decent, but you are not a beauty."

Oh, personal attack?

Jealousy makes people ugly.

Xia Ge didn't even bother to roll her eyes this time, "Oh, you look good, you look good."

After saying that, she simply ignored it, dug out the mud from the jar, and carefully applied it to the skinless puppet's face.

As the saying goes, it is difficult to draw the bones when drawing people and tigers, but for puppets, the most difficult part is not the bones, but the skin.

Her movements were a bit clumsy.

It's no wonder that although she hung the title of a puppeteer, she was more like a half-baked one. Her light skills and other crooked ways were practiced vigorously, but when it came to orthodox puppetry, it was like a bottle that was not even half full.

Xia Ge didn't know why... maybe it was because she had just come to this world and people's disgust towards puppeteers had deeply influenced her, or maybe there were other reasons... she just didn't quite like it.

But if it wasn't for her identity as a puppeteer, she didn't know how many times she would have died.

Every time she did something related to puppets, she would always have an indescribable sense of guilt.

When she was bored, she could analyze this psychology and come up with the most classic conclusion - to play the whore and still expect to establish a chastity arch, also known as trying to have it both ways.

When she thought of this, Xia Ge clumsily applied the mud to the puppet's face.

The system looked at the face that looked like a bloody mess after a car accident but without any blood, and asked after a while, "Is it a tragedy? Has the murderer been found?"

Xia Ge: "......"

Xia Ge roughly tore off the mud-covered face, and the Yunshan mud on the puppet's face made a reluctant tearing sound, which sounded a bit tragic.

The system said, "Do you want to make up for Lady Ye's half-beautiful face? With your level, you have to practice for years and years?"

Xia Ge looked at her muddy hands and felt a little crazy, "Do I have to make up her half-beautiful face?!"
The system said, "Then you can't fix your face like a flower either! Wasn't your face just smeared from a car accident? Even Ruhua didn't look that bad!"

Xia Ge was about to say, "Then I'll just fix it like after a fire," but before the words could leave her mouth, the makeshift workshop suddenly began to shake violently.

The system yelled, "That three-legged glass bottle is about to fall!!!"

Before Xia Ge could even glance at it, she heard several crashing sounds, as well as the system's heartbroken scream, "It fell, it fell--"

What a load of crap!

"Boom--"

Xia Ge tumbled out of the door while holding a jar of Yunshan mud, and as she emerged, she realized that the entire Qianhun Sect was shaking!

After the commotion, the east lit up with a white glow, and Xia Ge was a little dizzy from the shaking, but that wasn't the point--

The point was...

"Someone has broken through the Ten Thousand Puppet Formation!!!"

"Who is it?!"

"Actually..."

Xia Ge, still in a daze, suddenly heard a familiar yet somewhat unfamiliar voice that was incredibly penetrating!

"Let Su Chan, get out!!"

Although the distance was very far, this voice was still heard incredibly clearly, and it reverberated throughout the vast expanse!

Xia Ge stood still for a moment, and when she came back to her senses, she immediately stuffed the jar of Yunshan mud into her ring and ran outside!

The system said, "Where are you going?! Wow, you're smart! You took the most valuable thing in the room!"

Xia Ge ignored him completely, all her attention was taken by that voice.

That voice... was...

In the next moment, Ghost Shadow Elusive was activated, and Xia Ge instinctively rushed towards the direction of the sound!

Abruptly, she came to a stop!
Last time, Xia Ge didn't feel anything when she crossed the Ten Thousand Puppet Formation because the people in the Hundred Ghosts Cave used a kind of illusion to blend their breath with the puppets, which prevented them from attracting the formation.

However --

Standing on the high city wall of the Qianhun Sect, Xia Ge watched as the rising sun shone down with dewdrops, and before her eyes were countless puppets crawling up from the ground, like an endless sea of soldiers and horses, black and overwhelming, stretching as far as the eye could see!

They roared and ran, their sharp claws reflecting a terrifyingly cold light in the sunlight, emitting an extremely eerie and oppressive atmosphere that made people feel suffocated.

With each step they took, it was as if countless heavily armored soldiers were simultaneously marching on the ground, causing the earth to shake and the mountains to tremble!

However, Xia Ge's eyes were not on them.

Instead, they were on the girl with the long knife, beyond the thousand-mile puppets.

Her snow-white armor reflected a warm golden light in the brilliant morning light, her black hair fluttered in the wind blowing from the north, and the snow-white long blade in her hand was like extreme cold ice and frost. She looked directly at Xia Ge from the sea of soldiers and horses.

Xia Ge stood still, speechless. She stood on the high wall, looking at the girl from afar.

The two of them stared at each other from a distance.

"Roar--"

The puppets rushed towards her violently!

Xia Ge suddenly widened her eyes!

Chu Yao's lips curled into a reckless smile, her light brown eyes reflecting a faint but brilliant light in the sunlight, just like when she was at Danfeng.

She suddenly swung her long knife!

The snow-white long knife was like frost and snow cold jade, reflecting a dazzling light in the sunlight. Just one slash!

As soon as Chu's knife was out, the mountains and rivers were stained with blood!

"Boom--"

A loud noise echoed for thousands of miles!

The puppets' screams shook the heavens and the earth, spreading for thousands of miles from Chu Yao's feet, just reaching the bottom of the city wall where Xia Ge stood.

Dust filled the air, and shattered puppets rumbled. The rising sun was buried under endless dust, and in the darkness of the world, the long knife in the girl's hand became the only light visible to Xia Ge.
The long hair danced as Chu Yao's lips curled into a smile. Pointing her long sword at Xia Ge from afar, her warm gaze shone from her light brown eyes. "One slash, break the He Shan mountain," she said.

The system murmured, "Wow, amazing."

Xia Ge was mesmerized by the spirited young girl and lost her focus for a moment.

However, the Wan Gui Formation was not that simple. The first wave was the easiest and was used to roughly estimate the enemy's strength, but subsequent waves would become stronger.

The second wave of puppets quickly emerged from the ground, consisting of a large number of A-grade puppets!

Chu Yao charged in, her snow-white blade as sharp as ice and snow, even among the endless puppets, she was still able to handle them with ease.

The system said, "That should be the famous Chu Blade Sacrificial Spirit of the Chu family."

Xia Ge suddenly regained her senses, feeling a bit lost and even confused. "Why is she here?" she asked.

It was like suddenly seeing a friend whom you were not very close with, but had always kept in touch with, on the day when everyone betrayed you and you had to walk every path alone. It was unexpected, and you didn't know how to react.

Before the system could answer, Xia Ge hurriedly said, "No... I have to go down and help her!"

Xia Ge, although a small priest of the demonic cult, could handle the Wan Gui Formation without any problem even if the Monkey King himself came, as long as she had Su Chan's hand.

Countless A-grade puppets swarmed in. Xia Ge, who had just reached the Earth Level, was struggling to cope, but she managed to hold on. Chu Yao was a killing machine, making her way to the end. As the number of A-grade puppets decreased, the number of S-grade puppets increased!

Xia Ge started to struggle.

She fiercely shook off the grip of a puppet's claw. The claw was as hard as steel and left a deep scratch on her sickle, which was just a weapon she had casually used from a D-grade puppet before with the help of the Zhen Hun charm.

Soon, Xia Ge couldn't hold on any longer. It was at the moment when a puppet's sickle was about to strike her that a cold, white light flashed.


It seemed as if space and time could be broken apart, and everything was still, except for the only thing moving - that beam of light.

It cut through all obstacles, unstoppable!

It passed by Xia Ge, and in the instant it did, everything in sight turned to dust!

The sickle that was swinging towards Xia Ge disappeared in a blink of an eye, as if it had never existed.

Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly, and then her whole body fell into a somewhat cold and hard embrace.

The hard, snow-white armor and the icy long sword held her tightly. The girl held the sword in one hand and hugged Xia Ge with the other, her long hair flying beside her. Her light brown eyes closed slightly, and her voice was a little hoarse.

"...Sorry, I'm late."

After a while, Xia Ge slowly came back to her senses, her voice a little stiff, "You..."

She wanted to ask "How did you come here?" or say "What are you here for?" But although she had thousands of words in her mind, in the end, she couldn't say anything.

"I said..." Chu Yao's gaze turned cold, and she bent the sword back!

The puppet that was trying to sneak up behind them was immediately shattered!

The sound of heavy armor falling to the ground, accompanied by Chu Yao's tone, was as beautiful as a melody.

"...The road is under your feet."

"I am by your side."

Xia Ge stood still for a long time. By now, the third wave of puppets had slowly surrounded them, and they were SS or higher.

She heard her own voice, a little hoarse, "You should go back."

She said, "I'm not worth it."

She was someone who didn't even know who she was.

"There is no worth or unworthiness, only whether I am willing or not." Chu Yao put away her sword.
Xia Ge said, "I remember what you said."

"You said... the road is under my feet, as long as I am still myself, you will stand by my side." Xia Ge turned her head slightly.

Chu Yao looked at her, under the dim sky, her light brown eyes were shining with determination and tenderness.

Xia Ge slowly took a step back, leaving Chu Yao's embrace.

Chu Yao was slightly startled.

"But what if I am no longer myself?" Xia Ge looked at her, the wind blowing her long hair, she said, "What if I don't even know who I am?"

"I will still stand by your side."

The SS-level puppet slowly approached, but Chu Yao stood still, looking at Xia Ge, her eyes shining like morning stars. "You are you, no matter what, you are you."

Xia Ge stood still, not knowing what to say.

Yes, she is herself.

No matter if she has split into multiple personalities due to mental illness, no matter what kind of crazy person she is, no matter what has happened to her body that she doesn't know about.

She is herself.

As long as she exists here, as long as she is in this body.

Then all the consequences belong to her.

This is an unsolvable situation.

The young girl wore a snow-white battle armor, with faint golden dragon patterns floating on it. She exuded a domineering aura with a hint of tenderness. Her long sword was white as snow and blood-red, with golden dragon patterns swimming on it.

Chu Dao Ji Ling.

Chu Yao said, "So, there is something I must tell you."

The wind and sand raged.

"...if I don't say it, I will regret it for the rest of my life."

"So, no matter what..."

 
She lifted her head, her determined gaze meeting Xia Ge's somewhat blank eyes.

"I like you."

"It doesn't matter who you are, as long as you are you, I will always-"

A snow-white long sword swung out a cold arc, and the girl knelt in front of Xia Ge, her gaze resolute. "As per the Chu family's ancestral teachings, if one deeply loves another, they must dress in wedding attire for that person, abandon their sword and seal their blade, and from then on, disregard the world of jianghu. They shall live forever in a paradise with that one person."

The white armor on the girl's body gradually faded away, turning into a snow-white wedding gown. The cold white long sword transformed into a light golden tassel. She looked up at Xia Ge, her voice solemn as if making a vow.

"Whether you are Xia Wu Yin, Qin Shuang, or... Xia Ge." She looked at her, every word powerful and resounding. "In this lifetime, Chu Yao only wishes to abandon her sword and seal her blade for you, and live with you in paradise forever."

Upon hearing Chu Yao's confession, Xia Ge was somewhat absent-minded and murmured, "It's difficult for you to... remember this name."

The first time she met Chu Yao, she casually told her the name "Xia Ge".

Chu Yao said, "I remember every word you said."

Xia Ge's lips lifted in a bitter smile as she slowly took a step back. "I'm sorry."

She said, "I can't promise you."

"...Thank you for coming to save me, but... I can't go with you."

...She was rejected.

The Chu Blade Sacrificial Spirit seemed somewhat listless.

It had been very excited after seeing Xia Ge, but after receiving her answer, this five hundred-year-old veteran seemed to have lost all its energy.

Chu Yao stood up calmly and said, "I know you have someone in your heart."

She said, "However, I have done what I wanted to do, and I have no regrets."

The SS-level puppet was getting closer, but it was blocked by the Chu Blade Sacrificial Spirit's barrier and couldn't get in. However, even the most powerful barrier of the ancient clothes demon could not withstand the strong siege of countless SS-level puppets!

"...Whatever your choice may be." Chu Yao looked at her. "But if one day she disappoints you, I won't spare her."

"But for now, I will take you away from here."

Xia Ge said, "No, I said... I won't go with you."
She looked like a child who had done something wrong, saying, "I'm sorry."

Chu Yao was about to ask why when suddenly the barrier was broken!

"Boom!"

SS-level puppet rushed in!

Chu Yao's eyes turned cold, and in the next moment, Chu Dao Ji Ling transformed into a white dragon-patterned battle armor. With two fingers together, she coldly slashed the golden sword tassel, and the icy white long sword instantly took shape. "Come behind me!"
