Chang'an, Chu Family.

Chu Yao was wearing a light gown and leaning quietly against a peach tree, examining the sword in her hand under the faint moonlight.

It was the sword she had worn when she was at the Lingxi Sword Peak.

Unmatched in sharpness, it could cut through iron like mud, but it had no name or origin.

After looking at it quietly for a while, Chu Yao was about to put the sword away. Peach blossoms were falling in the moonlight, and a silver butterfly drifted down onto the sword in front of her.

The butterfly's wings were injured and it tried several times to fly, but it could not move.

Chu Yao was slightly startled. She reached out her hand and touched the butterfly with her fingertips, and in an instant, the butterfly turned into powder and disappeared.

"..."

Chu Yao looked up.

A girl wearing a large cloak was sitting lazily on the eaves of her house. Her almond-shaped eyes were narrowed as she looked at Chu Yao. Her soft black hair fell over her shoulders and several silver butterflies fluttered around her.

Chu Yao only glanced at her before retracting her gaze and heading towards her room.

"Big sister is too calm," Chu Yi's voice was indifferent, with no discernible emotion. "I don't like it."

Chu Yao did not respond.

"I've never understood," Chu Yi continued. "Why do some people know where they should go from the moment they are born?"

Chu Yao looked up at her. The faint moonlight fell on the youngest heir of the Chu family. She lifted her hand slightly, and a butterfly landed on her fingertip.

"It seems like no one can understand me anymore," Chu Yi's voice was flat, not sad or mournful, just stating a fact.
I cannot hear any emotions.

"You say I'm extreme," Chu Yi paused, "but even I don't really understand why I am the way I am now."

The butterfly fluttered its wings lightly.

Chu Yao looked at her silently.

"You think the things in this world are strange?" Chu Yi laughed when Chu Yao didn't say anything, "The things you like cannot be held in your hands, and the people you hate cannot be completely eliminated."

"If the things you like don't belong to you, then it's wrong to have them in your hands," Chu Yao said, "There's no one in this world that you won't hate, and you can't eliminate everyone."

Chu Yi smiled and said, "See, there's no one in this world that will stand by my side."

She looked up at the moon and said, "If it was the person I like who said those words just now."

"I would tell her," Chu Yi said.

"If the things I like are in my hands, that's enough."

"As for the people I hate, I will make sure you never see her again."

When Chu Yi said this, there was a slight smile on her lips, as if she was really whispering sweet nothings to her lover.

Chu Yi paused and looked at Chu Yao below, "I think... we should be the same, sister."

"I remember there are a lot of affairs in the Chu family, you should do your part," Chu Yao neither denied nor admitted Chu Yi's words, only said lightly, "Don't forget you're the head of the Chu family now."

Chu Yi chuckled, "Do you really think I care about this position?"

"As long as it's not yours, I don't care who sits in that position," Chu Yao said.

Chu Yao said, "Oh," and pushed the door in, "Then do as you please."

The silver butterflies surrounding the girl turned to dust in the blink of an eye.

Chu Yi thought expressionlessly, what am I doing here?

In the room.

The window was tightly closed.
Chu Yao couldn't quite understand the look in her younger sister's eyes.

She had clearly gotten what she wanted.

But when she looked at her, why did she still seem like she had nothing?

"..."

They were clearly shedding the same blood, but living in different worlds.

Chu Yao laughed at herself and looked at her hands.

Her slender and powerful fingertips still faintly retained the touch of the silver butterfly that couldn't fly just now.

Cold, gentle, yet with an indescribable powerlessness.

However, with a strange bond, it conveyed an inexplicable emotion...

"You see, in this world, there's no one who will stand by my side."

That's not true.

"It's just that your world is too small."

Only accepting what she wanted to accept, only loving who she wanted to love... but there were too few things in this world that could make Chu Yi feel loved.

In the end, the world became increasingly narrow and crowded, so crowded that once she couldn't hold onto what she loved...

...she would have nothing.

"No, it's not..."

Chu Yao's voice was like the wind, drifting out of the window, finally disappearing silently like those butterflies turned to dust.

She actually wanted to say a lot...

Just like when you were young and met Xia Ge, who was willing to protect you.

There's always a period of time, there's always that one person who becomes the hero in your heart.

But when your hero falls in love with someone else.
... It's like how beauty will eventually turn into bones, and heroes will also grow old one day.

In the end, Chu Yao didn't say anything and just let out a sigh.

Chu Yi looked up at the bright moon in the sky for a while before extending her hand.

A broken butterfly slowly condensed on her fingertips, flapping its wings slowly and flying towards the distant sky.

"See?"

She also understood her.

= =

On the continent of Wind and Moon, the tide of evil spirits became even more rampant, and the plague continued to spread throughout the world. The situation had reached a point where it was difficult for all sects to suppress it even if they worked together.

For a while, the people were outraged and deeply disgusted with the demonic cult's small priest Qin Shuang, who had released the evil spirits. Just as more and more people were joining the Chang family's call to participate in the martial arts tournament to attack the demonic cult's small priest, a rumor began to quietly ferment.

"Have you heard... the Radiance of the Firmament is said to have been made by a genius blacksmith named Ye Wucai from the Ye family a hundred years ago..."

"Hmph, who doesn't know that? Wasn't the Ye family destroyed a few years ago..."

"Hey, I really didn't know. There was a Ye family a few years ago. I haven't heard of their ancient clothes and charms though?"

"And isn't this Radiance of the Firmament brought out by the young master of the Chang family from the White Dream Cave?"

"Perhaps it was an accident that it flowed into the White Dream Cave..."

"Where did the accident come from? The White Dream Cave is hard to come by even once in a few hundred years!"

In fact, the White Dream Cave did not only appear once every few hundred years. It's just that Chinese civilization is vast and profound. If you say that a farmer who is hoeing in the field has no relation to the White Dream Cave in the sky, then someone who is interested in finding it might only see it once every few decades.

As for Xia Ge, who was completely entangled in a predestined disaster that had long been prepared, that's another story. How many people in this world have truly gone to the dangerous White Dream Cave multiple times?

"I heard that the Ye family was destroyed by the demonic cult a few years ago... Could it be that the Radiance of the Firmament was hidden in the White Dream Cave by the remnants of the demonic cult?"

Although this statement sounded credible, upon closer scrutiny, there were still many doubts.

Someone couldn't help but ask, "If the demonic cult was so powerful, why didn't they take out the Radiance of the Firmament later?"

Everyone was skeptical.
"Hey hey, let's not talk about that. It is said that the Skyshine is full of righteousness and can suppress evil spirits. As long as it is brought out, it can temporarily calm the surging tide of evil ghosts."

"Indeed, let's discuss it with the head of the Chang family. It might be feasible..."

"... "

Similar rumors were unstoppable. These rumors, apart from casting doubt on the origin of the Skyshine, all forced the head of the Chang family to sacrifice the Skyshine to quell the evil ghost tide.

In a tea house, the elegant sound of silk and bamboo music filled the air, and there were few people around. In a delicate compartment, the fragrance of incense was light, and there was a small tea table on the tatami mat.

A girl propped up her chin, her red dress blooming like a red lotus, and her eyes slightly raised as she pushed a cup of warm tea towards the boy at the opposite table. Her fingers were slender and fair.

"Long time no see."

The delicate porcelain tea cup was filled with a light tea fragrance, and Ye Ze paused before replying in a calm voice, "Long time no see."

"You're not surprised at all." Su Chan poured herself a cup of tea and smiled lightly. "But the recent rumors sound quite interesting."

Ye Ze remained silent.

"It's the Chu family, right?" Su Chan smiled indifferently and got straight to the point. "The Hundred Ghosts' Den is really going all out to spread rumors in your favor."

"What do you want to ask?" Ye Ze asked.

"I'm not asking anything." Su Chan's gaze inadvertently swept over his waist. Ye Ze was dressed in a blue and white sword peak outfit, with sharp eyebrows and bright black eyes, exuding a lofty aura, making him look like a dashing young man.

However, the bamboo sheath sword that he had brought out from the White Dream Cave before had disappeared, replaced by an unknown long sword.

Su Chan was familiar with the sword that had belonged to Xia Wushuang before, and naturally recognized it. However, Ye Ze was a disciple of the Lingxi Peak, and the origin of this Wenqing Sword was not something that Su Chan liked, so she turned a blind eye to it.

But now that the sword had disappeared from Ye Ze's possession, it was truly thought-provoking.

"I haven't been a good host. I started with some unpleasant topics." Su Chan smiled and took a sip of tea. "Here, we use tea instead of wine to apologize."
Ye Ze looked at her, but had no intention of touching the tea.

Su Chan's eyes slightly raised, smiling alluringly, "Why? You don't even want to give me a cup of tea?"

The young girl smiled beautifully, but anyone who wasn't a fool could understand the implied threat.

Ye Ze looked at her steadily for a while before picking up the tea and taking a sip.

However, the next moment, his entire body stiffened.

"It's said that the Ye family is low-key, but the rumors say that they are a family of scholars for generations, so they should know a thing or two about tea." Su Chan put down her tea cup with elegance. "They say that those who know little of tea are uncultured."

Su Chan smiled slightly. "I just don't know whether Young Master Ye recognizes this tea or not?"

Ye Ze's body trembled slightly. Slowly, like a wooden puppet, he placed the tea on the table and stared at Su Chan with his dark eyes. His lips moved, but he couldn't say a word.

"A hundred years ago, Ye Wucai, the master craftsman of the Ye family, created the ancient garment, Heavenly Radiance, and exclaimed, 'I have no regrets in this life, and I shall return to the Yellow Springs.' He then passed away before the garment. It was supposed to become a legendary tale, but the Ye family never leaked a word about it."

Su Chan casually chatted with Ye Ze, "…to the point where a dozen years ago, no one knew what Heavenly Radiance was."

"Just a few years ago… your father and the head of the Chang family, Chang Ren, were good friends. One drunken night, he accidentally revealed this great secret."

Ye Ze's hand tightened around the tea cup, and his knuckles turned white.

"…But that's enough," Ye Ze interrupted.

Su Chan looked at him with a smile.

Ye Ze took a deep breath and tried to remain calm. "Just tell me where the person who should drink this tea is."

"Anything else, I… don't want to hear."

The secret that was as painful as cutting flesh and bones, which he already knew from the Hundred Ghosts Cave, was like a family disgrace that he didn't want to hear again in front of outsiders.

Su Chan smiled lightly, "That's no problem."

But then her tone changed. "But…"

Ye Ze asked, "Do you want to ask about the previous sword?"

 
Su Chan smiled and said, "I like talking to smart people."

Ye Ze remained silent for a while, but changed the subject and said, "This tea tastes very good."

...It was the tea his mother had personally prepared, and it was also her favorite.

He had forgotten everything, but he couldn't forget this tea fragrance.

Ye Ze paused and said, "I have already given the sword to someone else."

Su Chan also remained silent, just smiling at him.

Ye Ze put down the tea and lowered his eyelashes. "I can only say so much."

After speaking, he stood up to leave.

"Sometimes, people have to learn to be a little cunning." Su Chan casually looked at her empty tea cup and said, "Standing too straight can lead to a disadvantage...of course, being too bent is not good either, it can make people look down on you."

"I may not like you, but someone else might," she added.

The screen slightly moved.

In this small tea room, it seemed like a hidden door had been opened.

Soft footsteps.

Bringing a familiar feeling as if time had traveled back.

It was like a memory from a long, long time ago, like a warm look back that could be remembered every time in a midnight dream.

Ye Ze stood still, afraid to move.

Until a warm voice sounded.

"...my son?"
