Huang Gupei quickly calmed down. As long as Xia Wushuang held the Wenqing Sword with a piece of her soul on it, even if she ran to the ends of the earth, she could find her way back.

Thinking of this, Gu Peijiu breathed a sigh of relief, carefully cleaned up the broken pieces on the ground, and then prepared to leave. However, as soon as she left the mountain pass, she was stopped by someone.

Su Chan leaned against the door, with black hair and a shallow smile, but her gaze was very unkind. "Oh, where does the busybody who never goes out want to go?"

Gu Peijiu's eyes turned cold. "Get out of my way!"

Su Chan's lips curled up slightly. "If you have the ability to make me leave, I naturally..."

Before she could finish her sentence, a sudden sound of a whistle, like a signal, tore countless cracks in space. Countless fierce puppets crawled out of the cracks. The white-clad girl's clothes fluttered, her black eyes full of coldness, and a white bone flute was held to her lips. "Get out!"

The cold wind was piercing, but Su Chan's smile remained shallow, and her gaze was as cold as ice. "It is said that Xia Wushuang, the puppet master, is unparalleled in the world, and her first puppet, the God-killing Demon-slaying puppet, is so powerful that it can even kill gods! Today, I want to see if the puppets she personally trained are truly powerful enough to kill even gods!"

As soon as she finished speaking, countless ghost vines with bright red mandalas suddenly sprang up and twisted the attacking puppets into pieces!

In an instant, the wind and dust rose, and there was a loud noise.

...

Xia Wushuang, who had slipped away, naturally didn't know that Lingxi Peak was now in chaos because of her. But she really didn't dare to go back now, so she found a nearby small village and slipped away. She wondered if Gu Peijiu would come after her.

The most inconvenient thing for Xia Wushuang was that Gu Peijiu always seemed to be able to sense her location through some kind of sensation. It was fine before, but now...

So Xia Wushuang was afraid that the other party would suddenly appear from some corner and kill her without warning.

Perhaps hearing her wish to stay away from Lingxi Peak, the Earth Vein Pearl sent her to a place she had never been to before. This small village was also unknown, and looking at the map, it was indeed tens of thousands of miles away from Lingxi Peak.

At least, even if Gu Peijiu knew her exact location, she probably wouldn't fly over by herself.

Xia Wushuang thought about it a bit, and suddenly heard a gloomy and ethereal flute sound. The flute sound started off light and cheerful, but as the melody lengthened, it gradually became melancholy and complex.

Xia Wushuang knew what it was.

Returning Home.
After Lingxi Peak became famous throughout the world, this song that she liked to play was also widely spread, and it could be said that she had achieved great success. However, she shouldn't say it like that.

After the old man played this "famous song" with his pottery flute, it inexplicably gained a few more indescribable charms, but it was slightly discordant and didn't feel like something that could be played with a pottery flute.

It had the dullness of a pottery flute, but also the elegant and ethereal quality of a bamboo flute.

When she heard the climax, it was as if all the impurities had been washed away, and the pottery flute had been reborn, with its ethereal sound revealing a sense of sorrow. Xia Wushuang couldn't help but exclaim, "Hey, old man, you play really well."

As she approached, Xia Wushuang realized that the old man was blind.

He didn't pay attention to her and continued to play with his pottery flute. Xia Wushuang felt that she had been a little presumptuous by interrupting him, so she waited for him to finish playing on the side.

The old man finished playing this song before putting down his pottery flute and asking in a hoarse voice, "Did this old man make a mistake?"

Xia Wushuang shook her head, "No, no, old man, you played really well!"

The old man said, "Since this old man didn't make a mistake, why does it sound a little different? Did the original song have an error?"

Xia Wushuang: "…"

… This sounded like when you copy a painting, and your painting looks a little different from the original, but someone compliments it and says it has a unique flavor, so you say that the original should be painted like yours... It was hard to explain.

"Old man, you didn't make a mistake, but it doesn't mean that the original song was wrong." Xia Wushuang scratched her head and felt that the old man was a bit strange.

"Since you say so, then the original wasn't wrong, and neither is this one." The old man began to get to the bottom of things.

Xia Wushuang helplessly said, "You used a pottery flute, and the original song was played with a bamboo flute... So even if the song is the same, the flavor will be different."

The old man said, "Since you put it that way, then the original was not wrong, and neither is this one."

Xia Wushuang nodded as if the old man could see her, "Yes, yes, that's right."

This wasn't a math problem where there was only right or wrong.

While she was trying to deal with the strange questions and inexplicable thought processes of the blind old man, Xia Wushuang's mind couldn't help but wander. What was Gu Peijiu worried about earlier?

She had to figure it out this time she went out.

But then the old man's voice suddenly became low.

"So in this world, those who came first and followed the rules without making mistakes, and those who came later and broke the moral code... are both not wrong?"
Xia Wushuang was taken aback by the words and realized that something was wrong. "…You can't say that. A single piece of music can be played in countless different ways by different instruments… After all, rules are dead, but people are alive."

The old man nodded. "You're not wrong."

Before Xia Wushuang could say anything, the old man continued, "Living people can change dead rules, even if they can't find anything wrong with them."

"But, someone will always have to pay a price."

Just like the execution after Shang Yang's reforms were successful, or the illness and death after Wang Anshi's reforms failed… The wheel of history rolled on, showing no mercy to anyone.

The old man raised his eyes slightly and looked at her with his blind eyes, taking out a clay flute.

"…Just like forcing this clay flute to play a tune that doesn't belong to it."

As soon as the old man finished speaking, the black clay flute cracked at a visible speed, splitting into pieces without a sound.

Xia Wushuang instinctively took a step back. She could see that the flute had cracked from the inside, not from external force.

This flute had already cracked when the old man played the song "Returning Home" just now!

Xia Wushuang shuddered.

No wonder the dull clay flute could produce such ethereal sound.

"Child," the old man sighed lightly and waved his hand. "This old man is half-dead and has been following the rules and doing what he should do in this life…"

"It's not without reason."

Xia Wushuang asked, "…Who are you?"

The old man replied, "A nameless person, not worth mentioning."

Xia Wushuang was at a loss for words. "Did you wait here on purpose?"

No, how did this person know she would come here? Wasn't the Earth Submerging Pearl without a specific destination?

The old man paused. "I observed the stars last night…"
Xia Wushuang was speechless. "Aren't you blind?"

The old beggar smiled. "The mind encompasses all things, and all things are in the mind."

Ah, this was still idealism. He must have been very compatible with Wang Yangming.

"... Alright," Xia Wushuang said. "About what you just said... I don't think I did anything wrong. I just did what I was supposed to do."

"I know there will be consequences for doing this, but it doesn't matter. I can bear anything."

The old man shook his head and shook the powder from his clay whistle. "Child, don't always speak too confidently."

"What else can I do? Should I go around the world saying that I regret it? I did what I did, and regretting it won't change anything," Xia Wushuang said helplessly.

"If you had the chance to do it again..."

"I would still do the same thing," Xia Wushuang said without hesitation.

The old man sighed lightly and stood up, taking out a red talisman from his pocket and handing it to her. "I have nothing more to say."

Xia Wushuang took the talisman and frowned. "What is this?"

"You'll need it."

"Old man, you're compatible with me, but the heavens are ruthless, and I can't help you much," the old man shook his head. "After all, you chose this path yourself. Since you've done it... I just hope you can handle the aftermath properly."

A deer's cry sounded.

Xia Wushuang turned around subconsciously, and a blue deer with clear and lost eyes was looking at her. 

"This deer...?" 

When Xia Wushuang turned her head again, the old man was gone.

Xia Wushuang held the talisman, feeling confused. She thought for a moment and put the talisman in her pocket. This old man seemed like a wise man from another world, and maybe he really knew something.

Xia Wushuang remembered why she was here. The expression on Gu Peijiu's face earlier indicated that something had happened.

As for what had happened...
Xia Wushuang walked around the village and heard a clear rumor. The news about Lingxi Peak was spreading widely and it was not difficult to find out. Lingxi Peak's leader, Xia Wushuang, was punished by the heavens. Overnight, the puppet army's souls disintegrated and fell apart. The song of returning to the hometown turned into a sad tune overnight. It was all very vividly described, and she couldn't help but believe it. People who traveled far and wide to Lingxi Peak to demand an explanation from Xia Wushuang were all blocked outside, and there were faint rumors spreading that Xia Wushuang's puppet technique had gone out of control and she had been imprisoned by her own puppets. Just as Xia Wushuang had finished listening to the news, she left the village. In just a moment, the blue deer had brought a small one and they were lying together at the village gate, blinking their beautiful eyes at her. Xia Wushuang, who had just been poked in the spine, was very depressed, "…How did you come to exist alone? Does your species also like asexual reproduction?" To be honest, she was quite impressed with herself for being able to joke around at this time. The blue deer called out twice, and the small one got up from the ground and rubbed against her waist. Xia Wushuang thought humorously that she had really been hit in the waist by life. The village was full of rumors condemning her, and Xia Wushuang couldn't stay there any longer, even with her thick skin. In the end, she led the two deer to find a small forest nearby, set up a simple barrier, and rested for a while. When the night had just fallen over the deep forest, Xia Wushuang vaguely felt that something was wrong. The sound of barking dogs was frantic, the clouds covered the moon in the sky, and an indescribable evil aura filled the air. The two deer were sleeping restlessly, and later became restless and began to look around with their hooves. Xia Wushuang was just thinking about what had happened when she heard a commotion. What happened? This sound...did something go wrong? In the silent night, the commotion gradually became clearer and sounded like the screams of women and the cries of children. It seemed to be coming from the village she had just left... Xia Wushuang realized that something was wrong and immediately lifted the barrier and headed straight for the village!
However, the clamorous noise abruptly ceased halfway as she rushed over.

In its place, an endless stench of blood lingered.

Xia Wushuang wasn't walking slowly, but she was destined not to be too late.

What made the Evil Ghost Tide terrible was that it was like a swarm of locusts passing through, leaving no grass to grow and no room for escape.

In truth, human life was as insignificant as a blade of grass.

Xia Wushuang looked towards the village, where the blood of those who failed to escape had pooled. She covered her mouth, her stomach churning, and her body trembling slowly...

For some reason, she suddenly thought of the old man's words.

"Child, don't always speak too confidently. You'll suffer retribution."
