Blade wore a black smiling mask, but his face beneath it was incredibly dark. He was obviously very familiar with Black Rock Cave, as he easily made his way to the underground black market auction.

A blood-red carpet was laid on the stairs, and a large blood-red door stood wide open. Two black-robed figures wearing gold toad masks stood at the entrance, nodding and bowing respectfully to those who entered.

Blade didn't even glance at the masked figures next to him as he strode in. Inside, the hall was even more spacious than the small black market, with people wearing various masks coming and going. Some familiar faces were chatting, and the seats below were already full of people. The ceiling was adorned with gorgeous seven-colored glass lamps, and there were three or four levels of elegant rooms for VIPs to enjoy. Transparent glass windows in the rooms sparkled in the rotating light, and there was a formation in one corner that could teleport directly to the rooms. Blade headed straight for it.

No one noticed a small paper figure gently falling to the ground as Blade stepped into the formation. It had been tightly stuck to the ground, using the cover of the copper door and paper blades to escape death by buying a paper pill for fifteen points. That figure was Xia Ge.

Xia Ge was stuck to the ground, staring blankly at the seven-colored glass lamps on the black market ceiling. She had actually thought of it before... but had never been sure.

At first, when she saw that jade pendant appear in the black market, she thought the other party was just there to buy and sell like her, but...

Thinking about it, it was unexpected, but reasonable.

Now she could be sure that the jade pendant was the white talisman that concealed his aura.

Even if his voice had changed, the jade pendant wouldn't have. Was Blade mass-producing these pendants?

Huo Bai... Blade.

One by one, they were all damn actors.

The system reminded her kindly, "Host, the paper pill only lasts for half an hour. You should find a place to restore your original form and put on your clothes as soon as possible."

Xia Ge: "..."

Yes, the paper pill was very useful. It allowed people to exist temporarily inside the "paper person," controlling the movements of the paper and making it sticky and easy to float up and down. But its only flaw was that it could only temporarily house the physical body, and as for clothes... well, they were left behind.

And it was very fragile and easily torn.

And it only lasted half an hour.

This was why Xia Ge didn't stick to Blade... or rather, Huo Bai when they went up to the elegant rooms. Although eavesdropping on information was convenient, if she couldn't withdraw, she would be dead meat when she restored her original form. As the silver flowing ring was a special item that could be stored inside, Xia Ge swallowed the pill first, turned into a light paper person, and quickly threw all the messy things on her body into the ring under the system's prompt. In the instant the other party kicked the door, she melted into the pile of paper blades and managed to pass through undetected.
The system's reminder was very warm, and Xia Ge quietly turned over, trying to fly up and find a safe place to hide.

Then she saw a small paper man on the ground quietly turning over, as if it wanted to ride the wind and go away, but suddenly a very large eye appeared in front of her!

Xia Ge was so scared that she trembled and immediately lay still on the ground, pretending to be dead.

"Hmm? Is it the wind?" The eye was hidden behind a frog mask, and its owner was holding a broom, looking at the paper figure on the ground that had just turned over and was now lying flat, confused. "Where did this piece of paper come from?"

Xia Ge looked closely and realized that the other party was actually a curse doll wearing a frog mask and holding a broom. Looking at the giant broom, Xia Ge felt a tremor from her soul for the first time in her paper body.

Hey, what do you want?

"You can't stay here." The curse doll squatted down, and its delicate and twisted hand was about to pinch her. Xia Ge's heart tightened. These curse dolls couldn't be touched!

Once a person comes into contact with them, it is easy to be contaminated with resentment and weaken their own luck.

In short, if you are touched by a curse doll, you will become poor!!

The desire to survive made Xia Ge forget her disguise. When the curse doll's paw was about to touch her fragile paper body, she suddenly jumped up from the ground with a "whoosh", pretending to be blown by the wind. She floated lightly in the air and spun a few times. However, while the other party's spin became lower and lower, she became higher and higher.

It was easy to surpass the 40-centimeter height of the curse doll. This corpse doll responsible for cleaning was following the order of its owner to "clean every corner of the black market spotlessly", and naturally had to follow through. Xia Ge flew high, but it did not give up, desperately grabbing at the floating paper person. "Hey, you stupid thing, smelly trash, stop, don't run!"

If you say I'm a stupid thing, then I'm a stupid thing, okay? If you tell me to stop, I'll stop. You're the stupid one!

Xia Ge proudly floated to a height of 1.7 meters, looking down at the curse doll jumping up and down below, unable to reach her with the broom. She felt very pleased with herself.

See that? That's how tall I am! You're the stupid one!

However, Xia Ge didn't feel pleased for long. The next moment, she was caught off guard and everything went black!

It was a hand wrapped in bandages, dry and warm, gently holding her.

Xia Ge encountered this sudden situation for the first time and was momentarily stunned, feeling confused.

It's so dark...

Outside the hand, she could faintly hear the flattering voice of the curse doll. "Hey... guest, please put down that waste paper and let me take you to a private room..."

What do you mean by waste paper? Can't you speak properly!

Xia Ge wanted to struggle, but was afraid of attracting attention, so she didn't move.
"I don't need it."

A low voice sounded, hoarse and old as if the person had damaged their throat, "This is mine."

Upon hearing this, Zoucai Ying was ashamed and stunned for a moment, then nodded vigorously, "Yes, yes, it belongs to the guest!"

It was just a piece of waste paper, but it was the second commandment of hospitality - whatever the guest says, goes.

Xia Ge: "..." Hey...

"Also," the person seemed to have taken two steps forward, and a cold air surrounded them. Zoucai Ying instinctively took a step back, "Uh... guest?"

The person's voice was low and husky, with a hint of coldness, "This is not waste paper."

"It... it is." Zoucai Ying was startled, and unconsciously took two steps back, stuttering, "Then... please go ahead..."

After speaking, they scurried away.

Xia Ge was in the palm of the other person's hand, and although she should have been anxious about her situation, she suddenly had a strange feeling upon hearing those words.

It seemed like the person didn't have any ill intentions...?

There was no need to be too anxious?

Then Xia Ge snapped out of it and scolded herself for being foolish. She was currently being held in someone's hand, and just because they didn't have any ill intentions, did that mean they had good intentions? She needed to find a way to escape!

After the person spoke, they walked a few steps in a direction that Xia Ge didn't know. After a while, she felt the hand holding her loosen slightly. The colored glass lamp on the black market ceiling flickered a little, and she tried to wriggle her head out of the cloth that was wrapped around it. The person seemed to understand her thoughts and let her pull her head out.

Xia Ge stiffened slightly.

...Hey... this action... does this person know that she's not just a piece of paper?

Xia Ge suddenly had a strong desire to turn her head and see who this person was, but as a paper person, she couldn't be torn or she would rip apart. It was difficult to turn her head with just a glance, so Xia Ge eventually gave up.

...Who is this person?

They walked steadily, holding her in their hand with no shaking. After a while, Xia Ge heard a "chirp" sound, as if some cloth was being torn. She was puzzled, and the next moment, the hand holding her loosened and she was wrapped tightly in layers of red silk cloth.

Xia Ge: "???"

Huh? Who are you? What do you want to do?
After being wrapped up, she was carried in the palm of this person's hand and taken to a place where she was carefully placed in what seemed to be a private room. After she was placed, the person gradually left, followed by the sound of the door closing with a creak.

Vaguely, she could hear the attentive voice of the guard outside the door. "Oh, dear guest..."

He just left like that? Who was it?

Xia Ge: "..."

With the person gone, she had no need to pretend anymore. She struggled to peel herself out of the layers of red cloth, which was an extremely difficult task. Although the red cloth was loosely tied, Xia Ge still had to use all her strength to avoid tearing it apart. She carefully pulled herself out of the cloth.

She then realized that the red cloth was actually a long strip of fabric that had been torn off by someone. The fabric was very soft to the touch. She looked around and saw that she was in the private room she had seen before, with a small table, an elegant silk couch, and a screen. The decoration was luxurious and similar to the style outside the black market.

She was placed in front of a stained glass window that could be looked down upon, and the colorful glass lamps shone brightly.

Xia Ge was a little confused as she pulled the red cloth. Who was that person just now? Why did he bring her here?

She looked at the red cloth in her "hands," which could only be lifted with great effort by her paper-thin hands. She thought for a moment and put down the cloth. Anyway, the best course of action now was to escape as soon as possible.

With that in mind, Xia Ge lightly jumped off the platform, and then floated in mid-air for a few moments before trying to slip out through the door crack. However, as soon as she touched the edge of the door crack, she was bounced back by a soft, yet tough, transparent barrier.

Xia Ge: "...Huh?"

She didn't believe it and tried a few more times, but the result was the same. The barrier was soft but tough, and with her fragile paper body, she couldn't break through it no matter how hard she tried.

After struggling for a while, half an hour had passed, and Xia Ge was getting frustrated. "What's going on?"

The system was uncertain. "The principle of the paper pill is actually based on part of the principle of the existence of clothes and spirits, but it replaces the spirit with a physical body... Your current state is actually similar to that of clothes and spirits. This formation is probably meant to block clothes and spirits. You'll be able to leave when you return to your original form."

Xia Ge: "..."

What kind of operation was this?!

"This person is toxic..."

Xia Ge turned around in frustration, but was suddenly startled. The large, thin red cloth that had been wrapped around her was still on the platform, but it had somehow floated down and was now carefully wrapping around the corner of the table, like a red snake peeking at someone.

For some reason, Xia Ge felt a sense of shyness from it... Wait, what the hell?! How did it come down?! It was alive?!
