"The story has two parts.

After returning from Dan Feng, Chu Yi did not go back to her own dormitory, but went directly to the small bamboo house where Chu Yao was destroyed.

The remains of the puppet were still scattered on the ground, and several disciples from the Beast Peak were inspecting them while holding their spirit beasts.

The spirit beasts of the Beast Peak are able to distinguish the different spiritual energies of different people and are good at tracking. Chu Yi stood under the bamboo forest not far away and looked for a while before retracting her gaze. Her slender eyelashes drooped slightly, casting a dense shadow on her eyelids.

A disciple from the guard team happened to pass by and Chu Yi glanced at him. "Stop."

"Uh..." The disciple was surprised and stopped, realizing that it was Miss Chu Er. He suddenly became a little uneasy. "Do you need something?"

"Ye..." Chu Yi paused. "Where are the people from the guard team who were with you?"

"They all went to different places to inspect." The disciple said, "Do you need to find someone? Lord Chu went to the eldest brother's place, so the guard team..."

"I know." Chu Yi said, "Thank you."

"No problem, no problem..." The disciple was flattered.

Suddenly, the disciples from the Beast Peak seemed to have discovered something wrong and gathered around the door of the dilapidated bamboo house, their heads together, as if arguing about something.

Chu Yi's brow twitched slightly as she walked past the scattered remains and went over. "What's wrong?"

The disciples from the Beast Peak didn't know her very well and looked at each other for a while before saying, "The aura of a few pieces of puppet fragments seems a little different from the others..."

"Oh?"

A small goat was biting a piece of the fragment and wouldn't let go. It seemed to belong to one of the disciples from the Beast Peak. The disciple had a round face and was coaxing his own spirit beast. The little white goat's watery eyes glanced at the round-faced disciple, and finally lifted its chin arrogantly.

The round-faced disciple had no choice but to reach out to it. "Let go, Xiao Bai. Leave it here and I'll give you meat when we get back."

The little white goat reluctantly put the fragment in its owner's hand.

Others also found the fragments with different spiritual energies.

The fragments were blackened and unrecognizable, and there were only a few pieces that could not be pieced together. The disciples from the Beast Peak tried to piece them together for a while...

"This is the head!"

"No, it's not the head. This should go here..."
"That's an arm, right?!"

"Nonsense, it's clearly a leg!"

"..."

"Me..."

The little goat next to them lazily "me"ed twice.

"What are you 'me'ing about?! It's all because of your goat! Look, there's saliva all over it!"

"This was clearly bitten by your dog!"

"My little Black doesn't drool that much!"

"..."

Chu Yi: "..."

Chu Yi probably understood what they were arguing about just now.

Despite their bickering, they managed to piece together the "person" by mistaking arms for legs and vice versa. They found a small and delicate puppet, which was missing an arm and a leg and covered in black paint. Although its head was missing, they could tell that it was a small puppet before.

"Look at this explosion mark, it seems to have exploded from the inside." One of the disciples from the Beast Peak said, "It's a very exquisite puppet. The puppeteer who made it must have exceptional skills."

The disciple with a round face who raised goats sneered, "Okay, okay, we know you know a lot about puppeteers. Why don't you just switch to become a puppeteer with your black dog?"

The disciple who raised the black dog was about to retort, but was interrupted by Chu Yi. "Thank you all for your trouble... I just don't know what this little puppet is all about?"

The disciple who raised the black dog said, "The spiritual energy on the puppet is pure and biased towards the fire vein, without any trace of demonic energy. It looks like it's not one of those demonized puppets that only know how to fight from the demonic cult."

Chu Yi looked at the black puppet corpse on the slate and squinted slightly.

... Biased towards... the fire vein?

What a coincidence.

The spiritual energy of the Danfeng sect is all in the fire vein.

If it's really like that... it would be interesting.
"What are you guys doing?" 

Chu Yao's voice sounded with impatience, "Why are you all gathered here? Have you finished checking?"

The chubby disciple from Beast Peak exclaimed, "Ah, Lady Chu... we found a small puppet with fire spiritual energy."

"A small puppet with fire spiritual energy? Not a demonized puppet?" Chu Yao was slightly surprised. In an instant, she thought of the little dwarf who threw something towards the black-clothed man during the melee.

Although she didn't see it clearly... before she swung her sword, the little dwarf seemed to have thrown something towards the black-clothed man.

Chu Yi also stood up, with a faint smile on her lips. "Oh, elder sister, you're back from Senior Brother's place?"

Upon seeing her, Chu Yao regained her senses and frowned, "What are you doing here?"

"I came to help elder sister find the spy," Chu Yi pursed her lips and smiled. "Don't you welcome me?"

Chu Yao was straightforward, "I don't."

Chu Yi replied, "Well, I can't help it. I'm happy when I see you unhappy."

Chu Yao's mouth twitched into a smile, and her fist made a "crackling" sound. "Don't think I won't hit you."

Chu Yi continued to smile, her eyes slightly cold. "Oh?"

In an instant, the atmosphere became tense.

In the extremely nervous atmosphere, the goat belonging to the chubby Beast Peak disciple let out a "baa."

The chubby disciple exclaimed, "Ah, Xiao Bai, are you scared? Lady Chu, you scared my goat!"

The black dog belonging to the Beast Peak disciple who liked to study puppet culture barked, "Woof."

That disciple was also taken aback, "Ah, Black Iron Egg! Why did you bark? Are you uncomfortable? Two adults, please be merciful!"

Chu Yao: "..." What is a goat doing here?

Chu Yi: "..."
So she was annoyed by the Beast Peak disciples who smelled like chicken poop all over their bodies. Whenever there was a problem with the spirit beasts, they acted as if the sky was falling and didn't care about anything else.

Chu Yao's eyebrows twitched and she relaxed her fists. She impatiently told Chu Yi, "You don't need to interfere."

Chu Yi glanced at the puppet on the slate and smiled unchanged. "But I want to know what sister wants to do."

Chu Yao said, "It's none of your business."

"Should I remind sister?" Chu Yi chuckled. "Fire spirit energy, Dan Peak..."

Chu Yao's pupils slightly shrank. "Shut up and get lost."

"I'm just saying. Why is sister so worked up?" Chu Yi achieved his goal and didn't care. "Then I won't bother sister anymore. Goodbye."

= =

The next day.

It was a clear and sunny day.

There was a lot of commotion yesterday, and Dan Peak also encountered many setbacks. Many disciples who were sleeping soundly were forcibly awakened in the middle of the night to be checked if they were the real person and had to show their jade pendants. They were all tossed around, but the most suspicious person, Xia Ge, who disappeared at night and returned to her luxurious single room, slept soundly until dawn.

"Ah, so happy."

System: "Get up and go to morning class."

Morning class.

The surrounding classmates all looked listless, but only Xia Ge was full of energy. Even the teacher couldn't help but take a few more glances at her.

Xia Ge responded with a bright smile.

The teacher who was checking the class this time was the one who had his water bottle thrown by Chu Yao. He couldn't put on a good face for Xia Ge and snorted, lowering his head to look at the prescription.

Xia Ge didn't care either. She lowered her head and looked at her book for a while, suddenly feeling that something was wrong. She raised her head abruptly, and sure enough...

Huo Bai?!

Huo Bai sat quietly in front of her, wearing a Danfeng plain white robe, sitting upright, and there was no sign of anything unusual.

Staring at his back, Xia Ge's brain was confused for a while.
How is this possible? How can he still be safe and sound here? Although the power of the puppet that exploded yesterday was not comparable to a nuclear bomb, it was made of high-quality materials that she bought at a high price on the black market. It should have had an effect equivalent to an 8-ounce TNT explosion... Even if he had thick skin and spiritual protection, he should have been blown up in the face in that sudden attack, right?

But now, it seems like nothing happened?

Wasn't it Huo Bai who was attacked last night? Wasn't it Bai Ren? It's impossible... it can't be, right?

Could there be a second spy besides Huo Bai?

"Good morning, Xia Wu Yin."

Just as Xia Ge's mind was in chaos, Mao Qing, who had dark circles under her eyes and looked disheveled, spoke to her in a small voice, "You look pretty good...".

Xia Ge collected her thoughts and couldn't help but feel a little confused, "Um, not bad..."

Is it fake? Did all the sacrifices she made yesterday end up being useless?

Mao Qing asked, "Were the sunflower seeds good yesterday?"

Xia Ge immediately became alert, "They were delicious! They had a milky fragrance! Do you have more?"

Mao Qing said, "Yes, but you said yesterday that you would bring me persimmons..."

Persimmons? Persimmons!

Before Mao Qing could finish her sentence, Xia Ge suddenly covered her mouth.

Mao Qing widened her eyes and struggled to speak. Xia Ge pretended to casually glance at Huo Bai in front of them and saw that he was still motionless. She then breathed a sigh of relief and whispered to Mao Qing, "I don't have any persimmons, but can I buy you some persimmon cakes later?"

Mao Qing nodded with wide eyes.

Xia Ge let go of her hand and Mao Qing covered her head with a book, whispering, "What happened to your persimmons?"

Xia Ge nervously replied, "...I had some that were ripe and ready for you yesterday, but I found out this morning that they had gone bad."

Huo Bai still didn't turn around.

Xia Ge narrowed her eyes slightly.

Was it really him yesterday?

But if it wasn't him... could it be another spy?
"Oh, it's broken?" Mao Qing wrinkled her nose and whispered, "What a pity."

When Xia Ge thought of the persimmons she stole from Jianfeng yesterday and contributed to the puppet's head, she also nodded with regret, "Yes, it's such a pity... Ah!"

Suddenly, her head was hit hard, and Mao Qing also received a "pop" on the other side.

"Xia Wuyin! Mao Qing!" The teacher held a rolled-up alchemy book and blew his beard and stared, "You're getting more and more mischievous, aren't you?! Don't you know there's an early class? Get out and recite the book for me!"

Xia Ge and Mao Qing hugged their books and left under the gaze of the onlookers.

The sun was shining in the east, and there was still morning mist lingering on the mountain. Outside the hall, Xia Ge held the alchemy book and read for a while, but was defeated by the unfamiliar characters on the book.

Mao Qing, on the other hand, was reading very seriously.

Xia Ge poked Mao Qing with her arm, "Hey, I see you came early today."

"Jinghun Pill... Ah?" Mao Qing came back to her senses, still murmuring, "This pill actually requires a living soul..."

The system said, "Look at her."

The little lovesick on Xia Ge's head quietly stretched out its tail when Mao Qing wasn't paying attention, and patted Xia Ge's head seriously.

It probably meant "Look at her."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Mao Qing asked, "I did come early today, what's wrong?"

"...You're really diligent," Xia Ge looked worldly-wise, "I should learn more from you."

Mao Qing was taken aback for a moment, and then became a little embarrassed, "What are you talking about? I don't have any talent, I can only work harder..."

"How could that be? You are very talented," Xia Ge said.

After all, someone who can refine the Bi Gu Gold Pill is not someone without talent.
"I can't compare to you," Mao Qing shook her head. "Everyone says you will become the first earth-level alchemist in Danfeng."

Xia Ge chuckled dryly. "Do you think that's possible?"

"Why not?" Mao Qing was surprised, then laughed. "As long as it's you, anything is possible."

Xia Ge: "..." This praise is a bit embarrassing.

"For almost a hundred years, no one has been able to refine the Three-Life Golden Pill in the entry-level competition, but you did it; and for almost a hundred years, there have been almost no special admissions, but you also did it." Mao Qing said, paused, and thought of Xia Ge's bizarre entrance during the competition, then laughed again. "You always turn my 'impossible' into 'possible'."

Xia Ge: "..." You misunderstood, being able to become a special admission student, Senior Sister's help was really crucial.

"You're amazing, Xia Wuyin." Mao Qing said seriously, "When I first entered the inner gate, I didn't think about becoming an earth-level alchemist. For every alchemist today, it's an unattainable dream. I just wanted to become stronger, at least not to let those garbage from Jianfeng easily trample me underfoot, at least to straighten my spine... but..."

She looked at Xia Ge, "But everyone is saying that you can."

"So I was thinking, since you can... then if I work hard, maybe I can too." 

"That's just hearsay..." Xia Ge felt a bit suffocated.

"The important thing is not whether you can or cannot do it, but whether you did it or not." Mao Qing thought for a moment, then smiled. "It's because you didn't do anything that everything is possible."

Xia Ge: "..." Although what you said seems to make sense, I still feel like something's not quite right.

Xia Ge looked at the book in her hand and said sincerely, "I think you will become an earth-level alchemist."

Mao Qing smiled. "Let's encourage each other."

Xia Ge came back to her senses. "Oh, by the way, what did I just ask you?"

Mao Qing was confused. "Did you ask me something just now?"

Xia Ge asked nonchalantly, "How long ago did Huo Bai come after you arrived?"
Upon hearing Xia Ge suddenly mention Huo Bai, Mao Qing seemed to recall something. "I almost forgot, come to think of it, I felt that Huo Bai was a bit strange today..."

Xia Ge's heart skipped a beat, but her face remained calm. "Oh?"

"In the past, he would always hide peppermint candy in his sleeves. I could see him sneakily eating it while I was reciting my lessons during morning class. But today, I didn't see him eat any. It's so strange," Mao Qing said in confusion.

Xia Ge felt choked up. "..." 

"Besides that, do you feel weak or limp when walking?" Xia Ge steadied herself and asked.

Mao Qing was about to say something when she suddenly realized what Xia Ge was asking. Her expression changed subtly as she looked at Xia Ge. "Why are you asking this?"

Xia Ge hesitated. "Well, about that..."

After a pause, Mao Qing widened her eyes in disbelief. "Did he go to the brothel with you yesterday?!"

Xia Ge suddenly choked on her water. "Cough, cough, cough..."

Mao Qing pinched her shoulder and shook her excitedly. "Is it true?!"

Xia Ge was dizzy from being shaken. "Cough, cough, cough... no, no..."

And why the hell did you imagine that he went to the brothel with her? Does she look like she enjoys going to brothels?!

Mao Qing asked, "Then why are you asking?"

Xia Ge caught her breath. "..." Right.

Mao Qing looked at her suspiciously.

...Sorry, Brother Huo! Since I've become a spy, I must be prepared to be blackened! I must avenge the black market!

Xia Ge put on a serious face and said persuasively, "You see, Huo Bai even knows how to refine his addiction to pleasure. How could he not have been to a brothel?"

Mao Qing said, "You're lying. The Three Peaks searched for him yesterday. If he didn't return home at night, he would have been taken away. How could he be here attending morning class today?"
The Three Peaks Investigation happened after the incident. If he used a teleportation stone, he could have come back before the investigation. The question is... 

Why does Huo Bai not show any signs of injury?

Xia Ge remained calm: "Hey, I didn't say he went there last night. I said he had been there before. Anyway, is there anything else strange?"

Mao Qing had reservations about Huo Bai visiting the brothel. After thinking for a moment, she said, "Strange... He was particularly cold to me today."

Xia Ge said, "..." Although it sounded a bit bad, he never seemed enthusiastic towards you on any other day.

Although Xia Ge didn't say it, Mao Qing could see through her thoughts at a glance. She snorted, "Don't think I don't know what you're thinking. Let me tell you, it's different this time."

"Although he didn't want to talk to me much before, but..." Mao Qing thought for a moment and frowned, "I can't describe it, but he was definitely acting strange today."

Xia Ge lied, "Maybe he's thinking about how to redeem a girl in the brothel."

Mao Qing pretended to leave, "I'll tell him you said that."

Xia Ge grabbed her, "I'll buy you some persimmon cakes from Jinjiang Sugar Shop."

Mao Qing refused, "No."

Xia Ge endured the pain, "How about half a pound of peppermint candy?"

Mao Qing said, "Who wants to eat mint? I want cherry blossom flavor!"

Xia Ge said, "..." 

Mao Qing said, "I'll tell him you said that."

Xia Ge said, "Cherry blossom, cherry blossom!!"

Well, he's bankrupt now.

System: "I told you not to lie. You deserved it."

Xia Ge said, "..." 

The two of them looked at the book for a while.

Xia Ge cautiously said, "Let's make a deal. How about half a pound of cherry blossom candy?"
Mao Qing squinted her eyes and read her book without looking away: "Alright then, add half a catty of persimmon cakes."

Xia Ge: "..."

"You go tell him, goodbye."

= =

"Miss, what are you carving this wood for?"

After finishing cleaning the room, Bi Xi looked at the young lady sitting at the table with a carving knife in her hand, who had just returned from the Lingxi Peak council hall, feeling a bit confused.

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment before saying, "Nothing much, just carving something. Bring the documents that need to be dealt with later and go do your own work."

"Oh..." Bi Xi was still a bit curious, "Is the young lady carving a seal?"

"No." Gu Peijiu shook her head and said, "You can go now."

Seeing that her young lady didn't seem to want to say more, Bi Xi didn't ask any further and went down the mountain to get the documents as instructed.

Gu Peijiu took out the piece of snow-white wood in her hand, which was a piece of white wood.

The warm sunlight outside the window passed through the green curtains and fell on the table. Two stalks of feather reed grass were inserted on a small porcelain bottle. The red and white maple dress girl lowered her eyelashes, and the carving knife in her hand twisted and turned on the wood, finely carving it.

Tiny wood chips fell down, and the white wood slowly took on a human shape.

The gentle sunlight contrasted the delicate jade hands of the girl, making her look like a painting.

After a while, Bi Xi came back with the documents, and saw the half-finished product in Gu Peijiu's hand. She widened her eyes slightly and said, "Miss...what is this?"

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, put the item aside, and said casually, "Just carving for fun."

"Give me the documents."

Bi Xi put the documents on the table and couldn't help but glance at the wooden puppet. After a moment, she said, "Miss, your carving skills are really good."

Gu Peijiu murmured a low "Hmm" and opened the documents.

The first thing she saw was the reinforcement of martial law.

Then she flipped through and saw the detailed report on the night attack by the demonic cult spy yesterday.
Beside her, Bixi withdrew her gaze from the little puppet and asked, "Miss, how did Xia Wuyin end up in your room yesterday?"

Gu Peiju looked at the dossier and replied, "I don't know."

Bixi: "..."

Yesterday, Miss seemed to have already known that Xia Wuyin was coming...

But when did he come? How did he come? Why does she have no impression at all? Could it be... a teleportation stone?

...That little bastard Xia Wuyin actually had a teleportation stone that could directly teleport him to Miss's boudoir?! That's impossible!

Bixi carefully observed Gu Peiju's expression, but didn't find anything wrong with her, nor did she suggest punishing Xia Wuyin. She became a little confused.

After thinking for a while, she couldn't help but ask, "Then... aren't you angry?"

"Why should I be angry?" Gu Peiju asked.

Bixi said, "Xia Wuyin appeared in your room in the middle of the night, he must have had some ulterior motives. Of course, you should be angry."

"Ulterior motives?" Gu Peiju considered the reality and thought about Xia Wuyin's small physique that she could lift with one hand. She shook her head.

"He's not capable of that, he's too small."

Tian Zhuling, who was lying on the side, seemed to remember something and slightly raised one side of her red petals.

Gu Peiju glanced at her.

Seeing that she had caught the attention of her master, Tian Zhuling happily wriggled a bit, quietly lifted herself up to the same height as Gu Peiju's chest, and then made a poking motion.

Then she quickly wilted and played dead.

Gu Peiju: "..."

Bixi didn't see Tian Zhuling's movement. "She's not small! She's already thirteen years old!"

Gu Peiju withdrew her gaze, flipped through another page of the dossier, and muttered to herself, "She's only thirteen."

Too young.

No wonder she was so small.
Bixi: "..."

Gu Peijiu: "Oh, by the way, Tianzhuling seems to be a bit dirty... Scrub it a few more times when you wash it today."

Bixi: "Huh? I just washed it yesterday."

Tianzhuling slowly curled up in the corner.

Gu Peijiu flipped a page and repeated expressionlessly, "Dirty. Scrub it a few more times."

Bixi: "..."

The sunlight was just right, and the half-carved white wooden doll on the table was in the sunlight. Its cat eyes widened, and the curve of its smile was as bright as the light.
