Summer settled in the "Reflection Tower" because of a casual remark made by her senior sister.

Thirty thousand times.

Ha ha.

Summer once again greeted her senior sister's ancestors in her heart, rubbed her sore hands, and looked at the thick rice paper with small characters written on it on the table.

She cautiously reached out and carefully counted them one by one from top to bottom.

... Three hundred and something sheets.

She looked at the thick original text of "Dan Xun" on the table. The red "Dan Xun" was about five centimeters thick.

It took her a whole day to copy three hundred sheets of "Dan Xun".

Her stomach grumbled.

Summer finally couldn't stand it anymore, threw the brush aside, and howled to the sky, "I can't live like this!"

Three hundred sheets in one go, thirty thousand times? What was she thinking when she said such a stupid thing?

Summer put her face directly on the rice paper, her hands hanging down, looking like a dead fish that refused to move.

"Really ugly."

A familiar sneer accompanied by the aroma of fried rice, Summer suddenly straightened up, "Ah! Ye Ze!"

As soon as she finished speaking, her head was hit by a small paper ball, and the paper ball bounced from Summer's forehead to under the table. Ye Ze, wearing a coarse cloth, threw the lunch box in his hand onto Summer's table, his face full of impatience, "Hurry up and eat, I'm going back."

"Um... you're really my good brother! You'll definitely win the hearts of many girls! Oh my god, I'm going to marry you!!" Summer grabbed the lunch box and immediately picked up the chopsticks to start eating. Ye Ze's mouth twitched at her words, and he looked at Summer with disdain, "Really disgusting. Even if you were a girl, with your bear-like appearance, who would want to marry you?"

Summer didn't bother with him, and quickly finished the fried rice, belching with satisfaction, "It's okay, I don't have to get married anyway. Brother, I'm not losing out by copying this assignment for you!"

After all, she hadn't started copying yet.

"..."

Ye Ze was angry when he heard her say this.

He endured it for a while, but couldn't help it in the end, gritting his teeth, "Do you know when senior sister is coming?"
Summer Song's brain was quick-witted, and he immediately shook his head like a drum, "I don't know, I don't know if Senior Sister has come or not."

Ye Ze looked at him suspiciously and saw Summer Song's innocent expression. In the end, he could only sneer, "Then why did you suddenly become serious at that time?"

He even earnestly taught him how to write calligraphy. If this kid didn't have any ulterior motives, Ye Ze would do a handstand while going to the bathroom in the future!

Summer Song's face was full of innocence. "Oh, wasn't it you who told me to speak properly at that time?"

Ye Ze: "......"

-"What male lead, Xia Wuyin, can you speak properly to me, please?"

-"Of course I can - Brother Ye, when copying books, you should be concise and focused, concentrate on your breath, and keep your mind still. Only then can you develop a skillful calligraphy technique..."

Ye Ze's face turned red and white.

He was angry.

"Brother Ye, I'm full." Summer Song smiled and said seriously, "Thank you for your hospitality!"

Hmph, no matter how much of a stallion male lead he was, he was just a thirteen or fourteen-year-old kid now, who was being played around by her.

"...Don't call me Brother Ye!" Ye Ze was so angry that smoke was coming out of his head. "When are you going to pass the inner door exam..."

"Oh, Brother Ye, there's no rush for that. People have good luck and bad luck. I don't know if I can pass the inner door exam, but as long as you're here, you're my brother. What does it matter whether you're a senior brother, junior brother, inner door brother, or outer door brother?"

Summer Song found a toothpick from somewhere, crossed his legs happily, and enjoyed picking his teeth with a squinting smile. "Brother Ye, this fried rice tastes really good... and there's chicken breast too. Is it from the chicken X fried rice shop at the foot of the mountain?"

Ye Ze: "......"

This kid always had the ability to infuriate him to the point of internal injuries.

Ye Ze took a deep breath and decided to take a steady approach. "Xia Wuyin, your back mountain..."

"Brother Ye, look, it's getting late. It's a good opportunity to go down the mountain and have a drink!" Summer Song clapped his hands, seeming to have a sudden inspiration.

Ye Ze: "......"

He coldly picked up the leftover lunch box that Summer Song had been eating from. "Copy this book 30,000 times."

Summer Song: "......Huh? Weren't you going to take me out for a drink?"
Ye Ze's indifferent expression cracked slightly. "Why should I take you out for a drink?!"

"Why not?" Xia Ge replied.

Ye Ze finally exploded, "Then why don't you explain to me in detail why you went to the back mountain?!"

Xia Ge's gaze shifted nervously. "Uh... well..."

Looking at his guilty appearance, copying the Confucian Analects 30,000 times would be too light a punishment.

Ye Ze's voice turned cold. "If you call me 'shixiong,' then I have to fulfill my duties as a shixiong."

Xia Ge heard him say, "If you don't tell me, don't come to me for free meals anymore."

"Ugh, I can't stand you." Ye Ze had hit her weak spot with his precise words. Xia Ge pouted, "I heard that the glass wood in the back mountain has a miraculous effect. Even a scumbag like me can easily refine the Pigu Dan with it..."

"What?" Ye Ze asked.

"Detoxification pill," Xia Ge continued. 

"Go on."

"After using up all the glass wood, I didn't have any money to buy more, so I had to go to the back mountain to steal it," Xia Ge said, propping her chin up and smiling slyly. "I'm really sorry for making Shixiong suffer punishment."

Suddenly, Ye Ze's head was hit. He took a deep breath. "Why didn't you come to me if you didn't have any money?"

"You're my meal ticket," Xia Ge said, holding her head and trying to look serious. "Not my bank."

"..."

For some reason, he couldn't refute her.

"You can't go to the back mountain to steal even if you're broke, and then you got..." Ye Ze's words were interrupted by Xia Ge.

"Okay, okay, I know. I just want to get into the academy as soon as possible. If Shixiong doesn't take me out for a drink today, then let's just go. Xia Shidi needs to sleep..." 

With that, Xia Ge pushed him out of the Confession Pavilion.

"Okay, Shixiong, goodnight... Remember to bring breakfast tomorrow."

The door of the Confession Pavilion slammed shut in front of Ye Ze.

Bring breakfast? Who gave him the nerve?
Wearing a coarse linen robe, Ye Ze looked at the remaining lunch box in his hand and rubbed his twitching temples. He had given up on delivering breakfast to Xia Wu Yin, as the latter always had this perfunctory attitude whenever they talked about anything important.

As Ye Ze turned to leave, he was startled by a voice calling out, "Senior Sister Gu."

In the moonlight, a girl with black hair tied lazily with a red ribbon looked at Ye Ze's lunch box with a cold and indifferent expression. Her black pupils reflected the silver moonlight, and her slender figure was outlined by a red and white Dan Feng robe. She asked, "How many times has Xia Wu Yin been punished for copying?"

Ye Ze broke out in a cold sweat on his forehead and stammered, "He, he has been punished about..."

He didn't have time to argue with Xia Wu Yin, so how could he have kept track of his punishment progress?

Senior Sister Gu glanced at him and said, "Don't be nervous."

Relieved that Senior Sister Gu wasn't going to punish him, Ye Ze replied, "Yes."

Senior Sister Gu turned and walked back in the direction she came from. Ye Ze hesitated for a moment, looking at her and then at the Confession Hall behind him. This path only led to the Confession Hall, so was Senior Sister Gu going to inspect Xia Wu Yin's copying progress?

Thinking of this, Ye Ze broke out in a cold sweat. Fortunately, he hadn't listened to Xia Wu Yin's suggestion to go drinking, or he would have been caught on the spot.

With no other choice, Ye Ze followed Senior Sister Gu.

"Did you both join Dan Feng together?" Senior Sister Gu suddenly asked, her voice clear and cold like a mountain stream.

Ye Ze lowered his head and replied, "Yes."

"I see." When they reached a fork in the road, Senior Sister Gu stopped and looked up at the moon, lost in thought.

Ye Ze also stopped and lowered his head.

"As an inner disciple, why are you wearing an outer disciple's robe?" Senior Sister Gu asked.

This time, Ye Ze remained silent, unable to answer.

"It doesn't matter if you don't answer," Senior Sister Gu said indifferently. "But as an inner disciple of Dan Feng, you must wear a Dan Feng robe for your daily practice."
"Yes."

"Go ahead."

Ye Ze respectfully bowed and turned to leave, but then he heard Gu Peijiu say, "Wait."

Ye Ze turned back.

Gu Peijiu asked, "Is the salary of Danfeng really that low?"

Ye Ze hesitated for a moment before answering, "Um... if I may answer, the salary for inner disciples is sufficient, but for outer disciples, it is indeed a bit less." Ye Ze was shocked that his proud senior sister would ask such a question about people's livelihoods.

"I see," Gu Peijiu said thoughtfully, "You may go now."

Ye Ze left with lingering fear.

...Why did senior sister suddenly ask about the salary?

Sigo Pavilion.

The dark attic, Xia Ge blew out all the candles and left only an oil lamp on the desk.

She picked up the fallen brush, wiped it off, and put it back in place. She sat on the chair, crossed her legs, and put her hands behind her head. She leaned back comfortably and said, "Ah, little puppet, when can I level up?"

[As long as the host refines a glass puppet, you can level up.]

The system's voice was cold and unfeeling, completely lacking in humanity.

"Summoning puppets is forbidden here. If I get caught, I'm done for. The risk is so high. Do you have any insurance or benefits?" Xia Ge tried to appeal to the system emotionally. "Look, little puppet, you've been with me for three years. Have I ever let you go hungry or thirsty? As your host, I love peace and don't engage in violence..."

[Ding! Warning, danger is approaching!]

Xia Ge didn't even have time to finish listening to her system's warning.
A shadow flashed outside the window, and the next moment, her life was held tightly by someone!

The only lamp on the table also went out with the wind.

In the pitch-black attic, the only light that entered her eyes was the silver moonlight outside the window and the cold reflection of the short dagger on her neck.

A cold female voice sounded.

"Now, don't scream."

"Don't move."

"..."

Xia Ge:...

Why can't people who love peace be loved by peace?!
