As soon as I sat down, steamy soup was brought to me on a simple but expensive-looking plate with a little thickness, making it seem difficult to eat. I thought Ain would teach me if he were here, but I had already been taught the basics. Ain had said that manners vary by country, but it was better than eating without thinking. He said it was important not to eat messily and not to make too much noise.

So I could practice even if I was alone. And I felt happy that I could naturally do what Ain had taught me. It made me feel his presence.

As I drank the soup, Fii stared at me and then started to speak with a chuckle.

"Well, well, can you listen to me while eating?"
"About Ain?"
"Yes, yes. That's right."
"Tell me quickly."

I didn't mind finishing the soup quickly if she would tell me about Ain. It was a little bit of a waste because it was surprisingly delicious, but it was nothing compared to Ain.

"Ainsel-chan is probably in the place where the Supreme God is. To put it simply, she's in the divine realm where the gods live."
"Why do you say that?"
"This mansion is also a temple where divine oracles come from the gods. In other words, it's a place where the power of the gods can easily reach."
"Did Ain receive a divine oracle?"

I didn't quite understand what a divine oracle was, but it seemed to be the word of God. But if I only listened to the story, it wouldn't take a day. No, did Ain go to the divine realm?

"No. Because it's a place where the power of the gods can reach, could Ain have been invited to the divine realm?"
"That's right. That's what I think. As I said before, I was created by the Supreme God and sent here... but I can't explain it well, can I? Ainsel-chan probably has the same kind of power as the Supreme God. She's like someone who was sent by the Supreme God."
"Ain isn't a god."
"She's different from us. We were created differently because we have roles to play. But Ainsel-chan is probably just a human soul. And she was able to establish the power that the Supreme God had lent her, even though it wasn't intentional."
"So Ain is a human?"
"Technically, she's someone who can handle the power that comes from the Supreme God. But we, who also have the power from the Supreme God, can be considered as family. Anyway, let's get back to the topic. How can we say that Ainsel-chan went to the divine realm?"

That's right. The important thing is where Ain is now and whether she will come back safely. I want to hear about other things concerning Ain, but it's not the time for that now. I have to make sure I prioritize correctly.

"Ainsel-chan, who has the power of the Supreme God, is simply more likely to catch the attention of the Supreme God. And she's probably someone who was sent by the Supreme God. But Ainsel-chan didn't even realize that she had the power of a god. The Supreme God didn't explain anything when he sent her."
"So you're explaining it now?"
"Yes, yes. That's what I'm expecting. One-way divine oracles are not suitable for explanations. And Ainsel-chan should be used to the power of the gods, so it may have been easier to call her to the divine realm."

So she was taken by God. Hmm... I want to complain, but if I do, it might cause trouble for Ain. But still, I wanted to hear from her at least once.

 ◇
"It seems like something's bothering you, but was it hard to understand?" 
"No, it's fine. But more importantly, will Ain come back safely?" 
"Yes, I believe so. He might even be back as early as tomorrow. Depending on the content of his conversation with the Creator, it may not take too long." 

I'll trust Fii's words and just wait. But when Ain was gone before, I was a mess. I had injuries all over my body, and my hair turned this color at that time.

A trembling voice that couldn't be turned into a song. It was because Ain was heartbroken to see me in such a state. He must have thought that he had hurt me by not being there.

I don't mean to brag, but I understand that Ain values me that much.

"Should I show Ain that I'm doing well?" 
"Yes, that's right. So please eat plenty of soup." 

Fii's gentle gaze was ticklish. But it's true, I couldn't meet Ain yesterday in the state I was in. If he saw me like that, he would blame himself.

But if Ain suddenly disappears again, I'll probably be in the same state. I really can't do without Ain. It's difficult to believe and wait.

I think I was able to manage this time because Fii happened to be here.

Then I suddenly remembered something.

"Come to think of it, the barrier is still there. Is Ain in the divine realm?" 
"I said that to make it easier to understand, but to be precise, Ain is like he's sleeping. He's going to the divine realm in his dreams." 
"Can Ain use magic while he's asleep?" 
"Yes, that's right. Maybe only Ain can maintain this level of magic while asleep? He just wants to protect you that much." 

I feel happy hearing that. Ain is trying so hard to protect me. He treasures me so much.

"That's right! That's right! Ain is amazing! He's been protecting me all this time. And he's also good at singing." 
"Yes, yes. That's right. I wonder how many people can break that barrier. And since he's doing it unconsciously, he can't control the strength. You might be the safest person in this world right now." 
"That's amazing! Ain is amazing! He taught me how to eat like this too." 
"Yes, yes! Ain knows a lot of things. He didn't know the etiquette for a tea party, but he taught me some simple manners. He taught me a lot of other things too." 

Without realizing it, my way of speaking has become the same as when I talk to Ain. I talked a lot with Fii.

 ◇
It's very enjoyable to talk about Ain. I feel happier when someone praises Ain more than me. However, I remembered one thing. When Ain disappeared before, I thought it was because I couldn't do anything for Ain.

It's been years since then, but have I been able to do something for Ain? Even now, Ain is not just protecting me, right? But what does Ain want to be done for?

As I was thinking about this at the afternoon tea party, Fii quietly put down the cup she had on her mouth and looked at me.

"It was said that Ain went to the realm of the Supreme God because Ain did not wake up, but there is another reason, you know."

"Reason?"

"Yes. She is very tired. Not physically, but mentally. Ain may not feel physically tired, but she was so tense that she fell asleep even with a little relaxation."

I was shocked to hear that. I didn't know that Ain was resting. It was only for one day when I was five years old.

There's no way she's not tired. There's no way she's not exhausted. I wouldn't last three days.

But Ain has been doing it. For me, to protect me. I should have known that Ain was mentally tired.

If that's the case, I'll comfort Ain when she comes back. I'll let her rest.

- But how?

- What should I say?

- I don't know.

What is important?

What can I do for Ain?

I want to do something for Ain. I want to do something that will help Ain even a little. But I don't know how.

I wish I could do something for Ain. But what's important is not whether I do it or not, but whether it's good for Ain. Fii probably knows a good way. If Fii, who evaluates Ain properly, can be trusted.

It's kind of frustrating.

It's kind of sad.

But first, I have to make sure Ain gets better.

"Fii. I have a request."

"What is it? What is it?"

"Can you cheer up Ain by calling me Ciel?"

"Are you okay with that?"

"...That's fine. I don't know how to cheer up Ain myself."

"Yes, yes. I understand, Ciel. But don't be too down. After all, you're not an adult yet. No, even adults find it difficult to understand Ain's feelings. It's difficult for even me to bring out her hidden thoughts. So it's okay if you can't do anything right now."

 ◇
"This is what Fii said:
I am a child. A child protected by Ain. And Fii is fine with that.
Maybe Ain would say something similar.

But next, I want to be the one to cheer Ain up.

As I was determined to do so, Fii looked a little troubled.

"But, well, that's a problem."
"Is it still difficult?"
"I can somehow get Ainzel-chan's true feelings out. It's a bit of a cheat, though.
But the problem is that Ainzel-chan might get jealous when she sees me and Ciel getting along."
"Jealous? I don't really understand."
"She might get angry."
"Ain won't get angry just because I became friends with Fii. She wouldn't do that.
She's not that narrow-minded."
"Of course, she might not get jealous. She should know it's a good thing in her head.
But it's not about being narrow-minded.
Has Ciel ever felt jealous when Ainzel-chan was getting along with someone else?"
"Yes. Because everyone else can touch Ain. But there's nothing we can do about it."

When Ain was taking a bath with Viviana, I felt so jealous.
I wanted to touch Ain too.
I was just trying to endure it because I knew I couldn't do anything about it.

"That's jealousy. Ciel likes Ain, so she might have felt that way, right?"

I see. That's easy to understand.
If Ain looked at me and Fii the way I did back then, it would make me happy in a way.
That feeling is painful, but still.

I'm still a bad kid who wants to see Ain like that.

"What should I do?"
"Why don't you accept Ainzel-chan like that too?"
"That's easy. It's easy."

If I suddenly got angry, I wouldn't understand, but if it's jealousy, it's also lovely.
I was a little excited to see what kind of Ain I would see.

But more than that, I want to see Ain as soon as possible.
If it's too late, I might get jealous of God."

 ◇
