Morning has come. It seems that I slept again.
Last night, I remember being given medicine by Fiiyanamia-sama and vomiting out various things.
Thanks to that, I feel somewhat refreshed, but there is something embarrassing about having to face Fiiyanamia-sama today.
Even though it was because of the medicine, I showed such an ugly side of myself.

However, Fiiyanamia-sama also referred to us as family.
Is that a good thing? Or a bad thing? My newly awakened consciousness is somewhat hazy.

"Good morning, Ain."
"Good morning, Ciel."

Reflexively, I return the greeting when Ciel speaks to me.
If I can hear them, I always make sure to respond to greetings, but there are times when I am too engrossed in something to hear them. Or rather, I think I am usually the one to initiate the morning greeting.
Today, it was because I was sleeping that Ciel did it for me.

In any case, it was just a casual greeting.

However, Ciel today seemed very happy and repeated, "Yes, good morning, hehe," with a joyful expression.
The spirits also gathered around him and spun around him.

"You seem happy?"
"Well, Ain is here. Until yesterday, no matter how much I greeted you, you didn't respond, right?"
"Well, that's..."

Maybe because I was with the Creator, I don't have a sense that much time has passed, but I was away for three days.
I didn't greet Ciel during that time, and of course, I wouldn't have responded to his greetings either.
What Fiiyanamia-sama said yesterday, that Ciel seemed to be closing his heart in just one day, might not have been an exaggeration.

Feeling both dear and sorry for that, I become afraid to talk to Ciel about our future. Maybe it will force him to make a difficult choice.

"But it's okay. Ain seems to be feeling better."

Come to think of it, Fiiyanamia-sama said yesterday that she was asked by Ciel.
I didn't really understand how much I had cornered myself, but after yesterday, my heart became considerably lighter, so it might have been quite dangerous.
Ciel knew that and asked Fiiyanamia-sama for help.

It would have been impossible for the previous Ciel. I knew that Ciel wanted to do something for me, and this was a perfect opportunity.
But I think I couldn't complain in front of Ciel. Even if I had talked after being given the medicine, my feelings wouldn't have become this light when I woke up.

Ciel was probably also at a loss after hearing about last night's conversation.
Even if I were in Fiiyanamia-sama's position, I don't know if I could have handled it as well as it ended up.
Did Ciel ask for help while aware of that?

There is a bit of loneliness in that, but I can see Ciel's growth and it resonates with me.
It's not too late to doubt that Ciel cares about me.

They accepted that I was originally a man and came from another world.

"Thank you."

I unintentionally put various meanings into my words of gratitude, and Ciel looks a little lonely in response.

"I'm sorry. No, thank you, Ain."

I don't know how much I understand the feelings behind this response.
But I think it would be rude to ask, so I quietly keep it in my heart.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

Soon after, I was called for breakfast, but meeting Fiiyanamia-sama was very awkward. Even though I could hide behind Ciel's shadow, Fiiyanamia-sama knew of my existence. I was guided to a room where nobles would eat by a maid.

The room had tables that could seat dozens of people and a spacious area. Only Ciel and Fiiyanamia-sama would eat there. They had already used this place a few times. Ciel chose a seat without hesitation from among the many available.

"Good morning, you came properly."
"Good morning, Fii."
"Yes, good morning, Ciel."

Ciel greeted Fiiyanamia-sama with a smile. Yesterday, just that made my heart ache, but today it didn't. I was actually happy that Ciel had someone else to trust and talk to besides me. We still couldn't talk to spirits, so it was a bit lonely, but please forgive me for that.

"Is Ainsele-chan doing well?"
"Thanks to you."
"You're saying thanks. Thank you for yesterday, Fii."
"No, no. It was fine, don't worry. I actually thought it was a bit of a benefit."

Fiiyanamia-sama made a gap with her thumb and index finger and teased Ciel. Please stop. I don't want to talk about that. It's probably not something I want to talk about, but seeing Ciel having fun, they weren't forcing me to say anything. They were just playing around. It was probably fine since they seemed to be enjoying it, but when my own story was being talked about, my heart felt a bit...squeezed.

"Oh, something, something? Did something happen between Ain and Fii yesterday?"
"Oh my, hehe. It's a secret."
"That's not fair, that's not fair!"

Ciel looked like they were having fun, so they weren't trying to force me to say anything. Both of them probably knew that I didn't want Ciel to hear about yesterday's conversation. So they were just playing around. It was probably fine since they seemed to be enjoying it, but when my own story was being talked about, my heart felt a bit...squeezed.

"Oh, by the way, by the way," Fiiyanamia-sama said, interrupting my thoughts. "What are you planning to do today? Since Ainsele-chan has returned, shall we go outside?"

"Is there anything you want to do, Ain?"
"Um, I have something to talk to Ciel about, so could I have some time?"
"Ain has something to tell me."
"I have to know what you talked about with the Supreme God. Alright then. I'll try not to call you until you're done talking."
"Thank you, Fii."

It was either good that it was decided smoothly or bad that it could have been stretched out a bit more. It was nonsense to drag it out, as it would only reduce Ciel's thinking time.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

I'm sorry, but there is no text to translate. "◇" is a symbol used in Japanese writing to indicate a new section or a change in topic. If you provide me with more context or information, I can assist you with the translation.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

After finishing breakfast, I returned to my room. Since I had already told the maids my schedule for the day, I wouldn't be disturbed. Ciel sat on the bed, waiting for me to start talking.

I had blurted out that I was a man earlier, but there were even more difficult things to say. This topic was one of them, but there was no point in dwelling on it. I would just have to find the right moment to bring it up during our conversation.

"Ciel, do you know where I was for the past three days?" I asked.

"Fii said you went to the Divine Realm," she replied.

"That's correct. I was summoned by the Creator God to the Divine Realm."

"What was it like there?" Ciel asked.

"It was a beautiful place, similar to the garden of this mansion. There were many flowers I had never seen before, and the sunlight was very gentle. I had a tea party-like meeting with the Creator God. As expected, he was a beautiful person. Or should I say, a god?"

At times like this, it was difficult to find the right words. It was like trying to express the life of a cat by saying "cat life" or "human life." Creating a new word like "cat life" was difficult because the words were different.

I had planned to continue by telling Ciel what I had learned from the Creator God, but she interrupted me.

"What did you say just now?" she asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Didn't you say you were sitting down during the meeting?"

"Yes, I was sitting in a beautiful chair."

"So that means you have a body in the Divine Realm, right? It's like Ain's form as a single person?"

"I think it was more like my soul took on a human form."

"If Ain were a single person, this would be what you would look like, right?"

"That's correct."

Ciel had picked up on the fact that I was sitting down, which was something I hadn't even noticed. She was the type to pay attention to furniture and other details. There were other things I was curious about, but she seemed to be focused on this topic. However, her next words took me by surprise.

"What did you look like? I want to see it! Is there any way to see Ain's form?"

"Well...there might be a way. Or should we move on to the main topic, which is somewhat related to this?"

As a god, there might be a chance for others to see my form. But if not, there would be no opportunity. That's why I decided to tell her about it. But before that, I should talk about myself up until now. Oh, I should have told Fiiyanamia-sama about this too when she was here. Well, I'll just have to tell her the next time she asks.
 ---- ◇ ---- 

First of all, let me explain why I went to Ciel's place and how I came to obtain divine power. I won't touch on my past life this time. While I was talking, Ciel listened intently with a serious expression.

"So, the experiment with that man was about half successful?"
"Yes, that's right. However, it's unlikely that we can fill the remaining half."
"I see. Besides, it doesn't seem like that man knows how well it went. And yet, I guess it's thanks to him that we can see spirits now. It's a complicated feeling."
"I understand how you feel."
"Anyway, Ain is amazing. She can use magic!"
"Thanks to that, I won't be able to use offensive magic from now on... but I'll leave that to you, Ciel."
"Yes, of course!"

That's enough of an introduction. Let's get back to the main topic. What will become of us from now on?

◇
 ---- ◇ ---- 

