After Ciel falls asleep, I basically have permission to use his body as I please. But I try not to borrow it too often because I feel like I'm left tired the next day if I do. However, when there's something I need to do, I don't hesitate to borrow it. If I'm too hesitant, Ciel gets sulky. So, I decided to borrow it today.

"I'm sorry. You were free, right?"

That's what I say to the two maids who are still in the room. I don't really need to apologize, but I ask as a means of providing a topic for conversation as well as for social interaction. The person I spoke to seemed a little surprised, but quickly shook their head. Then, perhaps because my hair is black, Moosa speaks up.

"No, not at all."
"Is that so? When Ciel and I talk, I think you just sit there silently."
"Forgive me, but we maids don't have ears for anything other than necessary conversation."
"I think that's a wonderful professional attitude, but that aside, there's nothing I can do for you if you're free. I'll ask my mother to make sure you don't have to accompany me until night, okay?"

I can't decide anything because the two are employed by Lady Fii, my mother. But it should be okay to ask. When Ciel and I talk, we're probably just silent observers, and we often don't notice what's going on around us because we're so focused on our conversation. I thought that they might have something they want to do instead of spending that empty time with us, but Sauruna, who seems to be in a hurry, gently denies it, saying, "It's work, so..."

"But don't you have something you want to do, Sauruna?"
"Please call me Luna, Ain-sama."
"Okay. But do you have something you want to do, Luna?"
"Your concern is appreciated, but we're not bored, so it's okay. We can tell that Ciel-sama is enjoying your conversation by looking at his face. His face when he's enjoying a conversation with you is so cute that it makes us happy."

Is she a little excited? Ciel is certainly cute when he talks to me. His expressions change constantly, and he has no sense of wariness. It's a little...I can't be jealous of him showing expressions that he hasn't shown to anyone but me until now. 

I'm not jealous. I'm not.

I suddenly look at Luna, and her eyes have become very gentle. I endure my impatience and continue the conversation.

"I understand that you don't have to tell my mother. By the way, what do you think of Ciel's behavior from your perspective?"
"Ciel-sama's behavior?"
"Yes. I think it will be necessary in the future."
"Isn't it the same for you, Ain-sama?"
"Well, yes. But I think it's mainly for Ciel. And there's a possibility that it can be used for a dancing girl."
"Even so, it's not something that the young lady needs to worry about."
"Is it because you've become Lady Fii's children?"
"Of course, that's part of it. But even without that, we're able to perform the minimum etiquette required of nobles. When it comes to manners, they vary depending on the location, and the manners in the center are not something you should worry about."
"Because it's a rule made by a lodger, right?"
"That's right."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

I tried teaching Ciel some manners that could be used here too, but that alone won't lead to this kind of response. It means that Ciel's efforts are bearing fruit. It's kind of heartwarming. As a dancer, Ciel is always conscious of refining her movements.

What I can do is just naturally remember it because Ciel is doing it. If we were both serious, Ciel would definitely move more beautifully.

"However, that's right. In the end, it's also about how it's perceived. Therefore, why don't you try referring to Lady Fiiyanamia's movements?"

Certainly, maybe because she's lived a long time, Lady Fii's movements are beautiful even to an amateur's eyes.

"That's right. Thank you very much. Well then, good night."

To let Ciel rest her body, I cut the conversation short. The two maids bowed and left the room.

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

