"So, when I fought with you, you weren't serious," said Ain.
"I believe I gave it my all at that time, but it wasn't me who was fighting," replied Cielmer.
"Fighting is Cielmer's domain, isn't it?" said Fii.
"Yes, that's right. While we're fighting, I'm supporting," replied Cielmer.
<<It's okay, Ain. I'm the one who fights.>>
"So, when you were fighting with Freire, it was Cielmer, right?" asked Fii.
"Yes, that's right. I was the one responding until then," replied Cielmer.

The switch between Ciel and Ain happened before the mock battle began.
When they explained this, Carol still frowned.
It's unfair that a beauty like her doesn't make a weird face when she frowns. Well, Ciel is cuter though. And I should have the same face as Ciel, but since I didn't have a face until recently, my sense of that area is a bit dull or loose.

"Can I confirm this again?" asked Celia.
"Sure," replied Cielmer.

After talking this far, Celia seemed to understand and asked for confirmation. I just nodded since it didn't matter.

"So, Cielmer's body contains the souls of both Cielmer and Ainsel, and they can freely switch places," said Celia.
"Yes. We can also have conversations without being heard by others. But we can't become two people," replied Cielmer.
"And each of you has a profession, right?" asked Celia.
"Yes. If professions are in the soul, it's not strange for us to each have a profession," replied Cielmer.
"Actually, the one who was a songstress was Ainsel, and the Duke of Estoque recognizes Cielmer as having a different profession," said Fii.
"You know the correct profession, right? We had our professions appraised in front of us," replied Cielmer.

If we didn't have that, I think Ciel could have fought more confidently, but if we didn't have that, we wouldn't have had the opportunity to know our professions. Even so, we might have managed somehow, but that would have reduced what Ciel could do, and our relationship would have been different from what it is now. This experience of walking a tightrope is not limited to Ciel and me.

The happiness of being with Ciel now could have been lost if we had made one wrong step. So I will cherish it. I will treasure it so we don't lose it in the future.

As I was lost in thought, Celia's voice became heavier.

"So, the experiment of the Lispelegia family might create people with multiple professions," said Celia.
"Ah, that's certainly possible," replied Cielmer.

I think even the Duke of Lispelegia wouldn't do the same experiment again. Even if they did, I can't imagine the Supreme God would play with people's souls again. Based on what we heard about the Supreme God, the most they could do is take the remnants of power that linger in the divine realm.

But it's certainly better not to talk about this. It's impossible to ask someone to believe it.

"But Lispelegia considered us a failure, so they might not have done the same thing again, right? It's a 10-year plan," said Cielmer.
"That's certainly possible," replied Celia.

While saying that, Celia seemed to be thinking. It's tough being a receptionist at the guild, or rather, a staff member. Since Celia probably has a certain position, she can't ignore what I say.

"They asked me to give A-rank qualifications to people who don't visit the Hunter Association, but this is what they meant," said Celia.
<<Of course! Ain and I are one and the same!>>
<<Yes, that's right. It also means we'll be in a party together for a long time.>>

"I also want you to give me qualifications. Since I left Estoque, there's no need for me to hide excessively. I think you understand, but please don't tell Ravelto," said Cielmer.
"Yes. I promise," replied Celia.
"That's right. When I think about it, you two have a higher position than the Grandmaster," said Fii.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"What is a Grandmaster?"
"I think it's referring to Lavelto-san. It's like the head of the guild, right?"

Ciel raises a question to Carol's statement.
It's a good thing she's really a Grandmaster. She was able to predict something similar in our language, and it's a little satisfying.

The hierarchy in the center is probably led by Fiiyanamia-sama at the top, followed by us, her daughters.
After that, we don't know. There may be leaders of each guild or even something like nobles.
But it doesn't really concern us.

"But being Fiiyanamia-sama's daughter is also difficult."
"Is it?"
"Fiiyanamia-sama's stance is survival of the fittest. She says that if you want to stand at the top in the center, you just have to defeat yourself.
You might get caught up in it too."
"But that hasn't happened for a while now."

Celia adds to Carol's statement.
If it's Fiiyanamia-sama, that's probably the case. The problem is who can defeat Fiiyanamia-sama.
Or rather, before defeating Fiiyanamia-sama, the center might be destroyed.
As Shiel said, we are somewhat similar, so even if she tries to defeat me, it might not be easy.

"Even if you get caught up in it, I can't think of anyone who can do anything to you.
The barrier that endured Freile's Blue Purgatory, it's not at full power, right?"
"That's right. I made it with the intention of being able to withstand attacks from A-ranked monsters.
It's still the strongest defense I have."
"Yes, I know. It's a barrier that lets you take a nap outside the town without any problems."

It's not wrong, but it's a little awkward when she says it like that.

<<You can sleep in it anytime, not just during the day. Ain's barrier is amazing, really amazing!>>
<<Yes, I'm always protecting Shiel with it.>>
<<Hehe, not just when you're sleeping. Thank you always, Ain.>>

Yes, it's not just for taking a nap, it's a barrier to protect Shiel.
If Shiel understands that, it's okay if Carol doesn't understand.
But before that, let's confirm something that has been mentioned frequently.

"By the way, Carol-san, you've reached A-rank, haven't you? Congratulations."
"Are you praising me?"
"Well, I'm congratulating you."
"You don't seem interested."
"For us, rankings were just a means to escape from Estoc, and now they're just useful for achieving other goals.
If I put Fiiyanamia-sama's daughter in the foreground, it would cause a big fuss just by moving."

I've been inconvenienced so far, so I'm thinking of using it for my own benefit.
Just do some work casually.
As I was thinking that, Carol's face, which had been dissatisfied until a while ago, suddenly looked a little sly.

"Mother...huh."
"What's wrong, do you have a complaint?"
"No, it's just that I thought you were being a good daughter."
"There's nothing wrong with that, is there?"

There's nothing wrong with it, but why do I feel embarrassed?
Fiiyanamia-sama...she's definitely a little questionable when she says things like that, but I think it's better than calling her Fii.
It's not like she's my mom or anything.

Shiel laughing to herself in my head is also a factor that accelerates my embarrassment.
Muu...she said something like she's happy to see me in trouble, but is this how it feels?

When I'm feeling frustrated, someone suddenly puts their hand on my head.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"What's wrong?"
"It's nothing."

Carol replied coldly and let go of her hand. Ain couldn't figure out what was wrong. However, Carol changed the subject, saying, "Just be careful now that you're Fiiyanamia-sama's daughters. It's a big deal."

"Yes, we should inform people," Ain replied.

"What do you mean? It's not like we're getting caught up in anything, right?" Ciel asked.

"If you become Fiiyanamia-sama's children, there is a high possibility that you will be seen as successors. Some people will make a fuss about it. It's just a rumor for now, but there are already people who don't like it," Carol explained.

"Well, I don't think you'll be killed or anything," she added.

Ain thought it was troublesome. She remembered what Fii's mother had said on the way home yesterday, but she wanted to believe it was unrelated. Fii's mother probably knew everything, and if it was already a rumor, she would have confirmed the situation. So, is it just a baseless rumor, or is she intentionally ignoring it?

At least, they had the power to be forgiven even if something happened. The worst-case scenario would be to ask Rishil for help. Ain smiled and waved at her when she caught her eye.

But she realized she was out there too long. She shouldn't take the opportunity to talk to anyone other than Ciel. She was about to say something to Ciel and switch places, but she remembered that she was in the middle of a conversation with Seria from the Hunter's Association.

"Seria-san, what kind of activities do the central hunters do?" Ain asked.

"There are many places called nests where monsters live in the center. The nests are like caves that go deeper and deeper underground. For some reason, the monsters are weaker in the shallow layers and stronger as you go deeper. Also, they don't move from each floor. So, the main job of hunters is to hunt monsters and bring back their materials," Seria explained.

"It's strange, but there are no treasure chests or anything?" Ain asked.

"…? No, it seems like there are only monsters. Have you heard that story, Carol?"

"I haven't. But well, some people call dead hunters treasure chests," Carol replied.

Ain thought it was like a dungeon, but apparently it was different. But without treasure chests, it still felt like a dungeon. She wondered why such a thing existed… She felt like she could ask Fii's mother or the Supreme God, but would they tell her?

"Are you planning to dive into the nest, Ain… or rather, Cielmer?" Carol asked.

"I wonder. I'm not short of money, so maybe I'll go out of curiosity," Ain replied.

<<Do you want to go, Ain?>>
<<I'm a little interested.>>

Even though she thought she had broken away, her previous life's feelings remained. The dungeon-nest was a common setting in games, so she wanted to go as a tourist. But was it okay to bring Ciel along just for tourism? She decided to think about it with Ciel later. But before that, she remembered why she went to the Hunter's Association.

"By the way, I called Ravelto-san. Is it okay to leave him alone?" Ain asked.

"The Grandmaster…?" Carol said.

"It's okay. It's because Freire started a fight. Besides, you're in a higher position now, so you don't have to worry too much," Carol said.

"That's true, but I'm still a little worried," Ain said.

She had forgotten until now, so she couldn't say she was too worried about it. But if everything was okay, she would go see him after this conversation.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

<<Well then, it's about time we return to Ciel.>>
<<I don't want to.>>
<<Um...okay. Then I'll switch places with Ciel.>>
<<Fine, I got it!>>

I returned control to Ciel while thinking that this aspect of him was a little charming.

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

