"Does that mean Cielmer is the one speaking now, since the color has returned?" 
"Yes." 
"You can tell right away if you hear them speak, but Ain can imitate Cielmer's speech, right?" 
"Yeah." 
"In that case, the way they speak won't be the deciding factor for identification. Is there anything else?" 

When Ciel and I switched places, Carol-san asked smartly. Changing the color scheme and the way of speaking wasn't that much of a hassle for me, and if I wanted to deceive someone, I could easily do so. I don't think my acting is perfect, so someone who is used to it would notice, but...

As I was thinking about other ways, Ciel answered Carol-san. 

"The magical power changes." 
"...Yes, that's true. If the soul is exchanged, the magical power also changes. However, not many people can sense that. I can do it too, but it's difficult to distinguish individuals. Also, it's even harder to tell because of this barrier." 

So this barrier had that kind of effect. I hadn't been aware of it because only Fii-sama had mentioned things like the quality of magical power or individual magical power until now. But didn't Ciel say that his magical power was concealed by mine? 

Carol-san explained solemnly, but my only impression was that I couldn't undo the barrier. 

"Well, that's fine. Even if it's Ain inside, if they look like Cielmer, that's all that matters." 
"That's fine." 
"By the way, it was Ain who wanted to see my research, right?" 
"Yes, that's right." 
"Shall we switch again?" 
"No, it's okay like this. But please ask about how to apply your job's power to your magic. Thank you." 
"Got it! Leave it to me!" 

Ciel replied with high tension. Was the request so pleasing? If that's the case, it's quite heartwarming.

However, I think I've made requests before, so maybe it's just my personal thing. 

"How to apply your job's power to your magic?" 
"I see. That barrier will still harden... " 

Carol-san had a distant look. But I think it's already hundreds of times stronger than when Carol-san knew about it. Because I mixed in the power of a god. 

Even if they say they can further strengthen the barrier, it might be excessive. But it wouldn't hurt to know. 

"Okay. First of all, your job isn't a magician, right?" 
"That's right, but why?" 
"If it's a magician, it's easier to apply it to magic. I can't guarantee it because I'm on this side, though." 
"Okay. Please tell us." 

When Ciel asked, Carol-san nodded. 

"In short, it's talent, familiarity, and the growth of your job." 
"Job growth?" 
"If you continue to use the power of your job, your abilities may be expanded. For example, if someone with the job of swordsman suddenly becomes able to do something like body strengthening. If you have talent, you can easily apply it. If you don't, you just have to use the power of your job over and over again, and get used to it to grasp the feeling."
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

<<Ain Ain, is this good?>>
<<Yes, thank you.>>

Talent, experience, and growth. Growth is inevitable with time and practice. Even though we've had plenty of opportunities to use our occupational skills, it's only been 2-3 years since we acquired them. If our occupational skills change at this frequency, the elderly in this world will all become superhumans. I don't think that's very likely.

If that's the case, does that mean I don't have any talent? I have confidence in my use of magic, but it seems that it's an exception in terms of occupational skills. It may also be problematic that I tend to get distracted by watching Ciel's dance or focusing on singing.

<<If what Carol says is true, Ciel's sense is amazing.>>
<<You think so?>>
<<From the first battle, she has been using both her dance and magic together. I still can't use the power of the songstress to strengthen my own barriers. That's why Ciel is amazing. I'm envious.>>

Furthermore, Ciel works hard without getting too caught up in her talent. Her ability to fly is also the result of her hard work, and she can use the stage for more than just water, ice, and wind. Although it's uncertain when she can use fire.

It's not as bad as Freyr's situation today, but the surroundings are still a sea of fire.

Still, I'm not very good at praising others. Even so, Ciel seems to be pleased and responds with a cheerful voice.

<<I'm glad to hear that from Ain. But Ain is even more amazing!>>
<<Thank you. Can I ask Carol when our occupational skills will grow?>>

I've been talking too much without paying attention to the people around us. Carol seems to want to say something, looking at Ciel.

"Is the conversation over?"
"Yes. Can you tell us the basics of occupational growth?"
"Ah, I see now."

Carol let out a voice as if something had clicked inside her. I understand her feelings, but I hope she'll forgive us. It will probably take some time before Ciel becomes considerate like that. Also, I've forgotten how to be considerate in that regard.

"I'll tell you everything about occupational growth. If you have any questions, ask me later."
"Okay."
"As for the direction of occupational growth, it's not singular. Even among magicians, some are good at casting big spells, while others are good at firing small spells rapidly. It's good to be able to do both as a magician, but it's like this in simple terms."
"Okay."
"As for the timing of growth, it varies from person to person. Some people grow quickly, and some grow slowly. But it probably takes about 5-10 years. There are even people who don't grow even when they reach the age of an elderly person."
"I see."
"But, well. It doesn't seem like a problem for you two."
"Yes."

It's true, but Ciel nods so clearly that Carol smiles wryly. Or rather, Ciel's dance seems to be growing, but I wonder if that's really the case?

Just because she's grown doesn't mean there will be fanfare like in a game when a level goes up. Maybe we just haven't noticed. 

<<If that's the case, I don't know when the songstress will be able to use her barriers.>>
<<It's not a big deal, is it? It's enough in the current situation.>>
<<That's true.>>
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

"Is this good?"
"Yeah. Thanks."
"It's fine. After all, it's because I heard about Ainzel's story that I was able to investigate this far. It's also thanks to that I was able to move up to class A. Although the power of the Ice Spear has increased since then... "
"It's impossible. Ain's barrier cannot be broken."
"That's right. From a quick look, Freyre can barely break through the barrier, but the inner barrier is completely unknown."

Carol stares at Ciel's barrier, or rather, the barrier that Ciel is wearing. Then she gives up and says, "I have no idea." It's hidden and recently mixed with divine power - which seems to make it easier for spirits to approach - and even though it's strange to say it myself, I think it's amazing that I can understand it.

I wonder if the elves or those skilled in magic can see it? Will I be able to meet the other non-human races that were in the place where I was taken first when I come to the center?

Well, it doesn't matter now.

By the way, Ciel revealed that it's my barrier, but it doesn't really matter. Even if they know it's mine, there's nothing they can do about it. Furthermore, there is a maximum god correction until the age of 15, so even if the barrier is broken, I probably won't die.

"By the way, what are you guys planning to do from now on? Wasn't the goal to come to the center for the time being?"
"We're looking for the Artificial God's envoy."
"The golden wolf, right? Wasn't it created by Respergia?"
"Probably. It's highly likely."
"It's not confirmed, is it? Does it have any special features?"
"It's wrapped in a special kind of magic."

I think it's the remnant of divine power, but if I say that, it will only lead to more complicated explanations. Unfortunately, Carol doesn't seem to be the right person to discuss this with. It seems that she agreed to tell us about herself because I asked her.

"I understand. If I get any information, I'll let you know."
"Didn't we ask the Hunter's Association to do the same thing? Is it okay to tell them about the current features?"
Celia joins the conversation and Ciel simply replies, "It's okay." Then, we promise to meet again and leave Carol's house.

◇
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

Today was the second visit to the Hunter's Association. It was already evening, and quite a few hunters had gathered. Despite this, Ciel walked confidently towards the reception desk without worrying about it.

She had forgotten about it due to various things that had happened, but she had come today thinking that she might not be able to meet Viviana-san. And she had been trying to tell Lavelte so that he could inform her when she arrived, but she couldn't help feeling that it was too much of a hassle.

Well, she had thought there were no acquaintances in the headquarters other than Lavelte anyway.

Although she was being watched out of the corner of her eye, had the results of her mock battle with Freire spread? Or maybe she was being warned about something. Whatever the case, it was good that there was no interference.

When it was Ciel's turn, the receptionist looked surprised and began to guide her towards the back.

She was led to the same room where she had been with her mother yesterday. Lavelte arrived soon after Ciel had sat down.

"Once again, I apologize for the trouble caused by our people today."
"It's fine."
"I'm glad to hear you say that. So, what brings you here today?"
"I want to know Viviana's address."
"Viviana... Ah, she's a member of the Amiulate family. From here, it's..."

For a moment, Ciel thought that it might be personal information, but she remembered that he had gained enough power that he didn't have to worry about such things. He was the type of person to be careful when making requests. Even though she had only intended to say it with the assumption that she would be turned down, if she was dealing with someone who only knew her position and wasn't particularly close, she would probably not be refused. This time, it was the Hunter's Association, or rather, Lavelte, who was dealing with her, so she didn't think she would mess up.

"When Viviana arrives, please tell her about me. I don't think there will be a chance to use that thing."
"Yes, understood."
"That's all for today. Did you find the person I mentioned yesterday?"
"Already. How would you like to handle the punishment?"
"Leave it to me. But make sure it's done properly."

Even if she was asked what to do, she didn't have any good ideas, nor did she necessarily want money. So it was easier to leave it to someone else. However, if this wasn't the center, she wouldn't let her family handle it. She was able to make such judgments under the supervision of Lady Fii, or maybe she could do the same thing as Lady Fii once she became capable of it.

That was the end of her business here. But just as she thought that, Lavelte lined up a bunch of cards on the table. Some of them were familiar, and one was new.

"These will be the new Hunter's badges."
"Understood."

Two sets of A-rank and below, excluding S-rank. One set was for Ciel and the other was for herself, she supposed. Come to think of it, this might be the first time she had something that was clearly hers.

If you wanted to be picky, her black hair might also be hers, but since most of Ciel's and her belongings were shared, there was nothing that clearly belonged to her. When she told Ciel about it, she said, "We're going shopping tomorrow! Yes, definitely!" and for some reason, she felt a sense of competition.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

I'm sorry, there is no provided text for me to translate. Please provide the text you want me to translate.
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- 

