Xia Ge thought that at least she did not conform to her own definition and standards for the word "love".

"Do you know what my love is?" she asked in a soft voice. "Do you know who I love?"

"It doesn't matter," Chu Yi replied, his movements slightly paused. "I don't want to know."

As long as she belonged to him, that was enough.

"If you don't want to know, that's fine," Xia Ge said, as if chatting and reminiscing. "I remember that day, your hand was as cold as this."

Chu Yi said, "Shut up."

"It was frosty that day, very cold," Xia Ge continued, ignoring Chu Yi's words. "I held your hand and tried to warm it up, but no matter how I tried, I couldn't make it warm."

Because her own hands were also very, very cold.

So at that time, Xia Ge could no longer provide the warmth that Little Butterfly wanted.

Walking together, down a road with no end in sight, would only become colder and more hopeless.

Chu Yi's movements had stopped, and he smiled wryly. "What's the point of saying all this?"

Then his voice became cold and hard. "I won't let you go."

"It doesn't mean anything," Xia Ge said, moving her hand to gently touch Chu Yi's familiar yet somewhat unfamiliar face, the hand with the chain. "It's just that... you've grown up."

Her hand slowly moved up to Chu Yi's eyes.

Beautiful almond-shaped eyes, black and bright, just as her senior sister had described them, clear and discerning.

So beautiful.

The sound of the chain was crisp.

"I'm sorry," Xia Ge said.

Her heart felt a sudden pang of pain.
...It's been so many years.

After so many years of hard pursuit, after seeing the Ghost Dragon Jade, there was so much joy, but when she learned the truth, there was so much pain.

Xia Wuyin... Xia Xiaozhangling, aren't you very capable? You were able to deceive everyone, but you couldn't keep it hidden forever!

What does "sorry" even mean? What is it for?!

"Hah." Chu Yi sneered, "Why are you apologizing to me?"

"What do you owe me?" Chu Yi asked her, her heart aching so much that it felt like a knife had pierced her softest spot with that "sorry"!

It was so painful she felt like she was going crazy.

"Where do you owe me?" she asked, grabbing Xia Ge's collar, every word gentle yet vicious. "Do you love me, or hate me?"

"What right do I have to be in your eyes? I'm nothing to you, Chu Yi. Why should you stoop down to apologize to me?"

"Or do you feel guilty because of your conscience?" Chu Yi's voice was soft but cold, her fingers turning white from gripping Xia Ge's collar so tightly. "Or do you think that no one loves me, that I'm pitiful? And if you ignore me it will hurt your compassionate heart, so you pity me? Who are you to pity me? Are you here to save the world?"

After a moment, she paused, as if taking a breath, and then laughed.

"If you pity me, why apologize?"

But her voice turned fierce again, with a hint of tears. "If you pity me, then save me! You save me! You hold me and then let me go, you make me long for you and then abandon me -"

"The sheath of the little butterfly is gone! She has no sheath, and her sword killed her - she died because of you!!"

"No, it's not because of that!" Xia Ge grabbed her wrist again. "It's not because of that!"

"It's not?" Chu Yi stared at her, questioning her. "Then why is it?"

"Because when you're with me, you can only use a sword!" Xia Ge spoke with great effort, her confusion making it hard for her to keep a clear head. She had to rely on her instincts. "I don't want you to become like this!"

She had known that Little Butterfly was very extreme, too obsessed. She didn't want to become her obsession, because it wasn't worth it!

Everyone is born noble.
"No one is born to live for another person.

But she didn't expect that, after going around in circles, she would end up back where she started.

"What do you want me to become?" Chu Yi smiled and asked softly, "How do you want to see me?"

"I want you to see further and further away, I want you to have endless steamed buns to eat, I don't want you to be awakened by nightmares every night, I want you not to be blinded by obsession and madness." Xia Ge stared into her eyes, word by word, "I want you to live a noble and free life."

Xia Ge finished speaking, his gaze slightly dimmed, "I thought..."

"So what?" Chu Yi suddenly interrupted her.

Xia Ge paused.

Chu Yi continued for her, "So you abandoned me because of these trivial things?"

"Not recognizing me when we met."

"Playing with me."

"Even finding someone to impersonate me."

Xia Ge was speechless.

"...These things don't matter." Chu Yi sighed lightly, looking at Xia Ge with a compassionate gaze, "Brother's wish sounds so beautiful."

"I want you to live a noble and free life."

How beautiful.

"But, then I wouldn't be myself anymore."

"But if you hold my hand." Chu Yi leaned down and kissed her forehead, "Always and forever...maybe, I'll become like that."

"If you're always there."

"I'll become anything you want me to be."

"But." She repeated, "From the moment you left, I haven't been myself."
Xia Ge said, "Little butterfly..."

"There's no little butterfly anymore." Chu Yi held her hand, pressed against his heart, gazing at her, "...I told you, it's dead."

"...And now I am as you wished." Chu Yi thought for a moment, chuckled lightly, one word at a time, "Noble..."

And free.

Xia Ge fell silent.

"But these things don't matter," Chu Yi said. "I don't want anything else. As long as you're mine, it's enough."

The touch of her hand was soft and warm, the sound of her heartbeat intense, but the hand holding her wrist was particularly cold.

"You will regret it," Xia Ge said.

"I won't," Chu Yi laughed. "There's nothing that can make me regret anymore."

She looked at Xia Ge. "People who have nothing don't worry about losing anything."

- Don't be like this.

The scent of the dream became stronger and stronger.

Xia Ge felt very tired, she was losing consciousness.

Retreat to advance, she couldn't fall asleep, absolutely not.

If...

Xia Ge lowered her eyes.

"...Take away the scent," Xia Ge said. "I won't leave."

Chu Yi didn't move, just muttered to himself, "It would be better if I never met you."

"That way, no matter whose you are, I won't be sad."

"Just pretend you never came."
"I am still the same me."

I have never loved before, nor have I ever been crazy for you.

After she finished speaking, she looked up at Xia Ge, her gaze somewhat hollow.

The dream illusion still worked after all.

Her spiritual power was sealed, struggling under the influence of the dream illusion's fragrance. But Xia Ge was human, not a god, and she couldn't hold on any longer.

Chu Yi closed her eyes and after a while, she chuckled softly.

"Why am I telling you all this?"

"Don't apologize," she gently hugged her and said to herself, "Whatever you want... as long as you are by my side, it's enough."

"I'm cold," Xia Ge murmured.

Chu Yi looked at her.

Xia Ge was obviously unconscious. The dream illusion would make her lose her ability to resist and consciousness, but occasionally, she would have some dreams.

Chu Yi lowered her eyelashes and touched her head, coaxing her with a gentle voice, "Brother, it's not cold."

The person in her arms pulled her hand down and covered it.

Chu Yi: "......?"

And so, she covered it for a long time.

Slowly, the cold hand became warm.

Chu Yi didn't move at all.

"How about that, it's still cold," Xia Ge said, "......no matter what, it's still cold."

Chu Yi trembled slightly, and some hazy memories about the past suddenly became clear.

On that night when the frost fell, she was awakened by the cold, and the young man had his eyes closed, tightly holding her hand. However, his hand was also cold, with no warmth at all.

——If two people are cold, they will warm up when they are together.
However, it was still very cold.

For a moment, Chu Yi was a bit confused. Why was her brother still so cold when they were huddled so closely together?

The young man was sleeping lightly. She moved slightly and he woke up too.

That night.

The young man noticed that she had woken up due to the cold. Perhaps he saw the confusion on her face.

It was the first time that the blind Chu Yi had heard the young man's voice, which was faintly choked.

He sadly said to her, "I'm sorry."

It was the same voice as before.

"I'm sorry."

In an instant, her heart trembled.

Why did he have to apologize?!

Clearly, it was her brother who was cold, so why did he have to apologize to her?!

Why?!

"Because brother can't warm you up anymore."

So... he had to let go...?

Chu Yi suddenly pulled her hand out of Xia Ge's embrace!

No!! It's not like that!!

Xia Ge's voice was faint, "It's still cold."

"It's not cold!" Chu Yi said, "It won't be cold!"

Xia Ge just murmured "cold" repeatedly.
Like a curse, and like the key to unlock everything, it was unbearable for her.

Chuyi got out of bed as if she was avoiding something and disappeared in a flash.

The cliff of Jianfeng was cold and strange. Chuyi tightly pulled the clothes on her chest and kept saying to herself.

"I won't let you go. Never."

"Not even in death."

"No matter what, I won't let you go."

She didn't want to hear any reasons or understand any reasons!

She wouldn't be sad or think deeply about everything in the past.

She had her own future.

As for that woman...

Chuyi thought of Gu Peijiu, her eyes becoming gloomy. Her soft hand reached into her chest, wanting to take out the doll in the mustard seed space.

"Only with this doll, and only with this abyss, can she find her way home."

But her hand was empty.

Chuyi's pupils suddenly shrank!

It's gone!

The doll in the mustard seed space!

The doll that woman gave to her brother -

The mountain wind was cold, and Chuyi came back to her senses. Her eyes suddenly turned cold, "Brother."

Each word was like grinding out of her teeth, with lingering pain, indescribable tenderness, and a chilling coldness.

In the next moment, she disappeared!
When Chu Yi left, the wind blew the black bed curtains. Xia Ge's raven hair was loose, and the ends were tangled with red lovesickness. She wore a silver bracelet that was attached to a chain, and her bare, white feet stood up. Her soft, revealing dress showed off her delicate collarbone.

The lovesickness that had been pretending to be dead in her hair quietly turned into a butterfly knot.

In Xia Ge's hand was a beautiful and delicate cloth doll!

As she moved, the sound of the delicate chain tinkled. In the next moment, the bracelet on her wrist opened by itself and fell onto the bed.

Xia Ge closed her eyes and extinguished the faint purple light in the depths of her pupils.

[Soul Stealing].
