However, when she saw the clear eyes of Xia Wushuang and the quiet shadow of Gu Peiju, she began to feel uneasy.

She believed that she had done nothing wrong, but she couldn't help feeling uneasy.

Although Gu Peiju's method of saving Xia Wushuang was foolish, she still did it.

Regardless of the cost.

-"Aren't you afraid that she will hate you, despise you, or even kill you?" 

The puppet girl's eyes were calm and still, "It doesn't matter."

Gu Peiju said.

-"...I want to protect her world."

-"What I hate the most is your self-righteousness," Su Chan said, "You will regret it."

-"It doesn't matter." Gu Peiju paused, looking at the overlapping mountains in the distance, her voice soft, "After all, if you like someone... you have to like everything about her."

The wind blew Gu Peiju's clothes, scattering her words under the mountains, "You have to like her wishes, her ambitions, and even her dreams."

"You have to love her soul."

Whether she wanted to go to war with the barbarians, save the people, change her fate, or ask for the impossible.

Hate, love, or resentment, it didn't matter.

Because she loved every aspect of Xia Wushuang, every dream she had.

Love and hate, pleasure and pain, all of it was Xia Wushuang's world and heart.

And senseless slaughter and divine punishment were not part of her soul and world.

When Gu Peiju said these words, she was clearly a puppet, but Su Chan felt that this person was alive.

Like a real person.

Her eyes seemed calm and still, but in reality, they contained all the emotions of a human being.
At that moment, Su Chan felt a strong sense of hatred from Gu Peijiu's gaze. Her eyes seemed to be telling her that it was only natural for Gu Peijiu to act that way.

Love is not about indulging oneself, but about restraint, salvation, and protection. It's about restraining one's selfish desires, saving the other person's soul from falling into the abyss, and protecting her seemingly ridiculous dreams.

Su Chan felt that she had never hated anyone so much before. And why did she feel so disgusted and even hateful at that time? Looking back now, the reason should be simple. It was because Gu Peijiu did what Su Chan could and should have done, but didn't.

Xia Ge suddenly felt a little cold and paused before asking, "Why did that person kill someone?"

Su Chan looked at her with eyes like a deep winter glacier, warm inside but with a hint of shallow coldness on the surface. "To save the world," she said.

Xia Ge was speechless. The logic just didn't add up.

"Is it ridiculous?" Su Chan sighed, and the warmth in her eyes melted away the coldness. "I think so too."

"For me, no one can compare to her," Su Chan said. "I don't understand why the person I loved more than anything in the world cared about those... ants."

This was a typical case of having different values and being unable to be friends.

While Xia Ge doubted the logic, she was also curious about the outcome. "So what happened in the end?"

The brilliant white light cast varying shades of shadow on Su Chan's fair skin as she smiled. "In the end, it was just like this."

Xia Ge was at a loss. Just like what? She caught Su Chan's gaze and wondered.
So, it's like this now.

Fool.

But she didn't seem to care and just said to herself, "I'm still very selfish now."

"Maybe that's something that can't be changed."

"Maybe as long as I love her, I'll never be able to change this flaw."

Xia Ge decided to ignore this person's confession and asked directly what she wanted to ask, "So what do you mean when you said you could save her earlier?"

Su Chan said, "The literal meaning."

Xia Ge had some difficulty understanding her logic. "Are you saying...she killed someone, and she did it to save the people, and you want to save her? But you don't want to save her..."

Looking at Xia Ge's somewhat confused expression, Su Chan's mouth curled up slightly, and the light in her narrow eyes melted away. "Hmm."

So cute.

Xia Ge saw Su Chan's expression and realized that she had unconsciously followed her thoughts, and suddenly felt like she had been played.

Who knows what she was talking about.

She shrugged and asked her directly, "If it happened again, would you save her?"

Su Chan said, "No."

Very light and gentle, but firm, "But I'll always be by her side."

And this time, she won't let her fall into the abyss.

What Gu Peijiu's puppet could do, Su Chan could do as well.

Even if this person carried countless sins, even if she was covered in blood, even if she didn't understand her actions and even resented her for it.

Su Chan would always be her lucky star.

Forever.
"You said you will always be by her side...then go to her side," Xia Ge said, "Don't stand here, blocking the wind for me."

Su Chan's eyes slightly lifted, "She doesn't want me by her side, she doesn't like me. I listen to her, so I can only stick to Xia Xia."

Xia Ge's mouth twitched slightly, "..." You must be toxic.

Fine, if you don't leave, I will.

Xia Ge ignored her and stood up. The ghostly figure disappeared in an instant.

The night wind was cold.

The person was gone.

Su Chan looked at the bright light in the distance, and the breeze blew her hair. The delicate red hair carefully emerged from her sleeve and climbed onto her shoulder, looking at the direction where Xia Ge had left with reluctance.

"What are you looking at?" Su Chan propped up one leg and casually placed her hand on her knee. "Be careful not to be cut into pieces by bad luck again."

No matter what ancient clothes demon it was, they were all selfish and would never allow other clothes demons to covet their hosts.

Recently, Zhentian was still following Xia Xia's orders, but as for bad luck...

Su Chan looked at that light.

That was not something to mess with.

Little Xiangsi trembled, but still stubbornly looked in that direction.

It was like a stone that remained faithful to its wife until death.

Seeing Xiangsi like this, Su Chan shook her head and self-mockingly smiled, "...I almost forgot something."

This was Gu Peijiu's clothes demon.

That stubborn woman was like a piece of wood. Even if she was cut and bruised, she would grit her teeth and climb out of hell, going against the gods and buddhas to achieve her goals.

She was really annoying.

"I heard...your name is Xiangsi." Su Chan pulled it off her shoulder and squinted her eyes. "Did Xia Xia give you that name?"

No matter how she looked, she couldn't see Xia Ge's figure anymore. Xiangsi became a bit dejected and moved its tail with a melancholy expression, then became limp again.
"It's a really good name," Su Chan said. "Clothing demons carry the shattered souls and desires of the world. The ancient clothing demons of this world..."

"The carrier of the Spring and Autumn is the anger and blood hatred of the gods. The carrier of the Chu sword sacrifice is the remorse and sorrow of the king. The brilliance of the sky is the work of a certain master of the Ye family. The Heavenly Punishment Silk..."

"..."

Su Chan didn't say anything more, just looked at Xiangsi and smiled. "It's really fitting."

---

After Xia Ge left, she got lost in the vast Qianhun Sect.

There were two dark guards following behind her, a little cautious because they didn't understand what she wanted to do and didn't dare to come out.

It was a bit awkward.

But Xia Ge didn't really want to go back, so she just wandered around the Qianhun Sect. After reaching the Earth Level, she wouldn't feel very tired even if she didn't sleep for several days and nights, and it wouldn't be a big deal to not rest for a day.

The Nine Bends Corridor of the Qianhun Sect was winding and twisting, and the details were not very clear, but driving on the rooftop with Ghost Shadow Maze, the general direction wouldn't be wrong.

Soon, Xia Ge found the pear garden she had visited before.

A pear tree was blooming brilliantly, even in the dark night without stars, it looked beautiful as if it was shining.

Xia Ge squatted on the wall, looking at the pear tree, slightly frowning.

She couldn't stay here... waiting to die.

The destruction of the Ye family, Qin Yue and Qin Shuang were the direct culprits, and it was not entirely unjust to blame her, but no matter how Xia Ge thought about it, she felt a bit aggrieved.

The breeze blew and the pear blossoms fluttered down.

In Xia Ge's eyes, a scene appeared, a little girl struggling to plant a tree in the middle of the courtyard, waiting for the pear tree to grow and bloom every day...

In the Tree Life Courtyard, it was a trap.

Qin Shuang may have died, but she trapped herself in a dead end.

Xia Ge thought of the old man she met when she was wandering a long time ago.
The old man said to her that Qin Yue was being used, that the Chang family had colluded with the demonic cult and, in order to obtain the Radiance of the Firmament by any means necessary, had used Qin Yue's emotions to wipe out the Ye family.

It was clearly the Chang family who were the real culprits.

However, Qin Yue and Qin Shuang could not escape the fact that they were guilty.

"Qin Shuang was only four or five years old at that time... Why would a little girl who liked to watch pear blossoms suddenly want to get involved in this mess with her mother?" Xia Ge felt a headache coming on. When she was four or five years old, she was still playing house with the little girl next door. The most outrageous thing she did was probably climbing a tree and catching some shrimp in her hometown.

It seemed like she had even been pinched by a river crab.

Oh my god, her childhood was still so innocent.

For a moment, Xia Ge felt a sense of world-weariness.

The system said, "She is a little priestess of the demonic cult. Even if she doesn't get involved in this mess, she can't wash away her sins."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Xia Ge said, "I don't think a little girl who has the leisure to plant a pear tree would have such a strong desire to kill."

The system said, "But the tree died."

Xia Ge said, "..."

Alright, this conversation couldn't continue.

"You two, come out." Xia Ge felt like she had to prove something, so she turned around and called out the hidden dark guards behind her.

The two dark guards were both dark and couldn't be seen clearly.

Xia Ge thought for a moment, "How long have you been here?"

Seeing that the two of them didn't understand, Xia Ge didn't beat around the bush, "I mean... When the former leader was still alive, were you also here?"

One of them said, "...I have been in the Thousand Souls Sect for more than ten years."

The other one didn't say anything.

Xia Ge got straight to the point, "Then describe to me what kind of person I was at that time."

The dark guard said, "...".
"You don't have to be afraid of punishment, just speak up. I don't remember much," Xia Ge paused, "but don't lie, I will ask others."

The imperial guard considered for a moment, facing Xia Ge's intense gaze, and spoke with some difficulty, "Miss... has a bit of a bad temper."

Xia Ge: "..."

System: "See."

Xia Ge was a bit persistent, "Then tell me, how bad is it?"

Another imperial guard said, "I heard that a long time ago, Miss chopped off five fingers of a maid because she was angry."

As soon as he finished speaking, he was fiercely glared at by another person.

Xia Ge: "..."

Alright.

Reality.

Xia Ge said expressionlessly, "Don't follow me anymore, or I'll chop off your fingers."

System: "..."

The imperial guard sincerely said, "I am willing to die for Miss."

"Then go die for me," Xia Ge said, and with a flash, she disappeared.

The imperial guard followed without hesitation.

Xia Ge was a bit annoyed by the pursuit, and her Ghost Shadow technique was pushed to the limit, deliberately seeking out all the nooks and crannies to avoid. Although the imperial guards of the Qianhun Sect had excellent lightness skills, they couldn't catch up with Xia Ge if she really wanted to avoid them.

In this way, unconsciously, they left the winding courtyard of the Qianhun Sect and arrived at a dirt slope. A young girl in a maid's dress was holding something. Because Xia Ge was moving too fast, the surrounding scenery almost turned into a silhouette. When she saw someone, Xia Ge's movements paused for a moment, and then she immediately stopped again after seeing the girl's face!

The girl was walking forward with her head down, her movements light and careful. Suddenly, there was an extra person in front of her, and she almost screamed instinctively, but was immediately covered by someone's hand, the sound stuck in her throat, unable to speak a word.

"Shut up," Xia Ge deliberately lowered her voice, sounding a bit gloomy, "otherwise, I'll..."

The object in the maid's hand shook, clearly terrified, but she tried to remain calm.


However, the next moment, she was stunned.

The voice in her ear was soft.

"Otherwise."

"...then let me treat you to candy."

The strength holding her mouth shut loosened, and the maid widened her eyes in disbelief as she turned around. When she saw Xia Ge, her pupils slightly contracted, and her whole body stiffened.

Xia Ge let go and took two steps back. Ever since she realized that she might like girls, she started to keep a certain distance from them. She looked at Mao Qing, the maid, and said, "Long time no see."

How long has it been since they last met?

Xia Ge didn't know.
