"Oh my god, that person in the restaurant was actually my senior sister?!" 

Xia Ge's expression almost gave her away, but she managed to hold it in and just said "Oh" as if nothing had happened. The two of them continued walking forward. 

As she walked, Xia Ge felt uneasy. According to the usual routine, if she skipped class to drink, her senior sister should have punished her by making her copy books. And why hadn't she caught Xia Ge in the act of drinking? Why was she playing the leaf flute for her? Something was off. 

And how did her senior sister follow her to the restaurant? When did she even follow her? 

"Um, it was Chu Yao who invited me..." Xia Ge tried to explain herself, hoping to shift the blame. "I didn't have a choice. I just..." 

"Okay, I understand," Gu Peijiu interrupted her. 

Xia Ge thought to herself, "What do you understand? You don't understand anything, Senior Sister!" She felt guilty and didn't want to say anything else, fearing her senior sister might punish her on the spot. So she walked in silence, feeling uncomfortable. 

Gu Peijiu didn't say anything either, and they walked in silence. After a while, Xia Ge stopped and turned around. 

In the midst of the snowy white flowers, the girl in the red and white maple dress followed quietly behind her, the bright moon shining and the gentle breeze blowing the white flowers around her. She looked like a fairy from heaven. 

"Why did you stop?" 

Gu Peijiu asked, her voice as clear as a stream. 

Xia Ge rubbed her temples and said, "No...nothing." Why are you standing behind me? 

"Hmm?" 

Gu Peijiu walked up to her and looked at her.
Xia Ge looked up, then lowered her head in silence again.

"Well, we're not at the back anymore," she said.

Gu Peijiu asked, "What's wrong?"

Xia Ge struggled to find something to say, "Um... you're really tall."

Gu Peijiu remained silent.

Xia Ge thought inexplicably of the scenes in the black market private room, and a faint smile appeared in her eyes.

"Let's go," Gu Peijiu took her hand and paused, "You're still young."

And she would still grow taller.

Holding her hand, it felt different from the cool breeze tonight, very light and warm.

Xia Ge didn't know why her face was a little red. "Oh," she said, "When can we learn Danmai from senior sister? I don't have any spiritual power."

"Very soon," Gu Peijiu replied.

"Master is too slow, he just talks nonsense and complains that I don't listen to his lessons," Xia Ge complained.

"Everyone is the same," Gu Peijiu said.

"I want to have spiritual power as soon as possible," Xia Ge said.

Gu Peijiu looked at her.

Xia Ge looked back at her eagerly.

Gu Peijiu asked, "Do you want it?"

Xia Ge nodded vigorously, "Yes."

Gu Peijiu held her hand with one hand and raised the other slightly. Red spiritual power began to gather on her fingertips, forming small red sparks, like fireflies in the flowers and under the moonlight. She merged her two fingers and led a beautiful red spiritual power to Xia Ge's forehead.

Countless beautiful red fireflies flew towards Xia Ge, and the warm spiritual power entered her body through her forehead, spreading all over her body. Xia Ge opened her eyes slightly, her black pupils reflecting the warm red fireflies and the beautiful face of the young girl. For a moment, she even forgot to breathe.

However, the good times did not last. The next moment, Xia Ge felt the system make several sharp crackling sounds, like the noise made by an old radio that had not been used for a long time and could not receive signals. The system let out a cry, and a white light flashed before her eyes. The rushing spiritual power seemed to be resisted by something and suddenly flowed back. Gu Peijiu's pupils shrank slightly, and she quickly withdrew her hand, but she saw Xia Ge's black eyes widen, as if she had been stunned by something, and she looked somewhat empty and lifeless.
A resolute voice sounded in her ears.

Like a dream.

- The place where your sword points is the battlefield where I died.

Who? Who is speaking?

"Xia Wuyin?"

Gu Peiju pinched a spiritual seal in her hand and pressed it against Xia Ge's forehead. Clear spiritual power poured in, and Xia Ge shook her head and came back to her senses. "Ah..."

"Ah, I'm fine." Xia Ge shook her head and pressed her temple. "It's okay, it's okay."

The voice disappeared suddenly, as if it had never existed.

Gu Peiju frowned at her. "Just now, I opened your spiritual orifice for you."

Open the spiritual orifice?

Xia Ge quickly understood.

Xia Ge knew that only those who had opened their spiritual orifices could bring spiritual energy into their bodies and convert it into spiritual power for daily use. Simply put, opening the spiritual orifice was like drawing a spiritual formation inside the body to gather and store spiritual energy for use at any time.

Her ancient spiritual formation could also be directly drawn to gather spiritual energy and convert it into spiritual power, but it depended on the environment. The more spiritual energy gathered in the Lingyuyuxiu area, the more spiritual power the spiritual formation produced, which she could use. However, if it was in a place with nothing, like the Bone Wasteland, the effect of the spiritual formation would be unsatisfactory.

This was the difference between using the spiritual formation technique when Xia Ge was at the Lingxi Peak Dan Training Ground and when she was at the Black Market in the Black Cave of the Bone Wasteland. The same formation technique, different locations, and this was where the difference lay.

Therefore, ordinary people would cultivate their spiritual power by opening their spiritual orifices, converting spiritual energy into spiritual power and converging it in their bodies, and would not use the spiritual formation technique, which was a clumsy method. Moreover, ordinary spiritual formations would slowly gather spiritual energy and convert it into spiritual power for people to practice, and would not take effect so quickly.

Only Lingxi Patriarch had researched the ancient spiritual formation technique that could instantly convert spiritual energy, which was an incredible effect, and happened to have let Xia Ge take advantage of it.

"Success?"

"Well, it's done! It's already open." Xia Ge closed her eyes and could already feel the fluctuation of spiritual energy outside her body. She waved her hand, and there were delicate red light spots following her softly. The Dan Feng Su Yi danced in the wind, accompanied by beautiful red firefly-like dots, and it was agile like an elf in the mountains.

Gu Peiju looked at her hand and then at Xia Ge, her brow still furrowed.

The feeling just now...rather than saying that her spiritual orifice was just opened, it was more like her sealed spiritual orifice was suddenly opened from the outside by her.

So there was a force that resisted the approach of her spiritual power, and simply rushed out of Xia Ge's spiritual orifice to resist it.
"Wow... it really opened!" Xia Ge opened her eyes, looking at the spiritual energy dots surrounding her body with excitement. "It's so beautiful, senior sister!"

"If it's opened, then go back and rest." Gu Peiju looked at Xia Ge's happy expression, hesitated for a moment, then stopped her actions and didn't mention the abnormality she felt. She looked at Xia Ge with her deep black eyes and said, "Don't run around anymore."

Xia Ge smiled brightly, "Thank you, senior sister!"

The moon was high in the sky and the girl dressed as a man, but looking less and less like one, smiled at her with a radiant face. The moonlight in her eyes was so dazzling that it could easily blind someone.

Gu Peiju turned her eyes away slightly.

At the same time, in the Sword Peak Prison.

A harsh silver bell suddenly rang out like a curse. A woman bound in heavy shackles knelt on the ground with disheveled hair, her eyes wide open and her dirty face showing signs of madness. She held a string of bells stained with dirt and colorless, and whispered hoarsely, "It rang... it rang..."

"Shut up, crazy woman."

The prison guard was impatient and said, "What nonsense, if it rang, it rang. You're making too much noise!"

"It's her broken bell that rang."

"Haha, she probably still thinks she's the glorious leader of the Demon Cult. Hahaha... ringing a bell won't get anyone to come and serve you!"

"Okay, okay, you talk too much. Hurry up and go eat after your shift. You're starving all night."

"..."

"It rang... it rang..."

The woman ignored the mockery around her, trembling as she held the bell close to her chest, tears slowly streaming down her damp eyes.

Unexpectedly, Xia Ge was particularly happy when she opened her spiritual energy. She returned to her luxurious single room and called out to the system.

"Hey, Puppet, Puppet? Don't pretend to be dead, come back to life."

The system didn't respond.

Xia Ge frowned. Why was the system not talking to her after she opened her spiritual energy?

And the sentence she heard inexplicably from her senior sister after opening her spiritual energy...
"Listen carefully." Xia Ge scratched her head, not thinking too much about it as she had other things to attend to. Seeing that the system still had no response, she sighed, "Well, luckily I didn't rely on you."

The system had also experienced a few times of shutting down, but it would recover slowly.

Xia Ge took out the draft paper she had in her pocket and checked it one last time before taking off her headband.

The red ribbon wrapped around her hand, reluctant to let go.

Xia Ge coldly tied the red ribbon to the pillar, tying a tight knot and sneering, "Little brat, don't think I don't know it's you."

The red ribbon shuddered, curling up at both ends.

The cloaked figure was her senior sister, and the red ribbon was a clone of Tianzhu Ling. Xia Ge would tie it in her hair when she went out to play, while her senior sister carried the original Tianzhu Ling. If she wanted to find Xia Ge, she just had to follow the red ribbon.

No wonder she would get caught if she sneaked out to drink or sneak into the boys' dormitory.

Tianzhu Ling probably sensed the location of the red ribbon and brought her senior sister to find her.

"You little traitor, I'll deal with you when you come back."

Xia Ge snorted, changed into her night clothes, tied her hair with a rope, and then carried the formation map. She drove the Ghost Shadow Mist and skillfully made her way to the room that Huo Bai had taken her to today.

She hid in a flower tree, the dense white flowers and leaves covering her body. She looked around and finally landed lightly behind the house.

The lights in the house were off, and it was late at night. If nothing unexpected happened, they should be resting.

Xia Ge took out a charcoal pencil and began to draw the symbols of the reverse white spell on the opponent's wall. The wall, roof, tree, and tiles, none were left out. She drew each symbol of the reverse white spell until it took effect, and she could faintly feel the breath of the puppet dolls inside.

When she finished, the reverse white spell was drawn densely on the tree, behind the house, and on the tiles to prevent being discovered. Xia Ge carefully switched the tiles that were drawn with symbols with those that weren't. The reverse white spell on the wall was all drawn behind the house, making it less likely to be discovered. As for the tree, as long as no one climbed it, it shouldn't be found.

After doing all this, Xia Ge retreated lightly and returned to her room. The red ribbon was tied pitifully, trying to untie the knot, but it was in the wrong direction, and she stupidly tied three or four knots that she couldn't undo.

"Look at you, silly."

Xia Ge sneered, "You're quite good at passing information."

The red ribbon drooped down on both ends, looking very pitiful as if it was saying that it didn't pass any information.

Xia Ge ignored it and just took out a leaf, closed her eyes, placed it on her lips, and blew a cheerful tune of Twinkle Twinkle Little Star.

She silently prayed in her heart.
【Soul Control Walk Sound】

In an instant, a very mysterious feeling emerged.

She had entrusted a part of her emotions to the little puppet, and emotions would be stimulated by sound, creating empathy. After empathy, everything the puppet knew and felt was known and controlled by her.

Her current feeling was that she could sense everything the little puppet in Huo Bai's room sensed, and she could also sense everything in her own body. It was like having an extra pair of eyes and ears, and her soul was in between two bodies, able to go to either one.

Xia Ge tried to go into the body of the little puppet.

【Puppetry·Borrowing Body】

The next moment, when Xia Ge opened her eyes again, she was already in a room. The whole room was pitch black, and she sat quietly at a small table, staring straight ahead.

Her plan was simple. First, she would use the reverse white symbol to shield the puppet and the puppet's white symbol from Huo Bai, then take advantage of the opportunity to control the little puppet and monitor Huo Bai's movements.

Using this new perspective to operate for the first time, Xia Ge was a little uncomfortable. The little puppet was made of simple materials, so its body was very stiff. She moved and tried to stand up, but because she was not familiar with controlling it, the little puppet slipped under her feet and "scratched" down from the table, falling face down!

Damn it!

Xia Ge saw the ground getting closer and closer, and quickly pulled her soul out, but before she could do so, she fell into the palm of her hand.

A moment of coldness.

When Xia Ge returned to her own body, the connection on the other side was not broken. The cold feeling was still palpable, and everything the little puppet saw was reflected in her eyes.

The little puppet was caught, then picked up, and Xia Ge used its eyes to see a pale face.

He's not asleep?!

In the dimly lit room, suddenly seeing such a face, Xia Ge was scared and held her breath instinctively. After finishing her set, she realized that she had returned to her own body and no longer controlled the little puppet. It didn't matter how it screamed.

After calming down, Xia Ge borrowed the eyes of the little puppet again and carefully looked at it.

The little puppet was being held up, facing the pale face, and Xia Ge, emboldened by the fact that her true body was not there, looked closely and found that the face covered in powder was Bai Ren.

Unlike Huo Bai's face, which looked gentle and noble at first glance, with a ruddy complexion, this face was extremely pale, with big black eyes and dark circles underneath, as if it had been drained of energy or had not slept for hundreds of years.

Comparing the two, thinking of Huo Bai's energetic appearance during the day, Xia Ge began to marvel at the other party's superb disguise skills.

...So why was he staring at it so intently?
So the pale-faced White Blade just stared at the little puppet for a long time, almost making Xia Ge think he had been discovered. He slowly put down the puppet and closed his eyes, lost in thought.

There was no movement for a long time.

Xia Ge: "..." It's already so late, why aren't you resting?

Xia Ge was bored of watching like this, but she knew that she had established a connection with the puppet she made, and could use it to monitor the enemy at any time by hiding in the puppet's body. However, controlling herself and the puppet at the same time was very troublesome.

It was like few people could draw a square with one hand and a circle with the other. When controlling the puppet to move east, she couldn't control herself to move west. Xia Ge vaguely understood why puppeteers needed leaders.

Controlling a small empathetic puppet was already difficult enough, let alone manipulating countless puppets. Xia Ge left the puppet there, only maintaining the connection with its eyes and ears.

She only wanted to know when Huo Bai would go to steal the key using this little puppet. The puppet's eyes saw that White Blade was silent for a while, then stood up and disappeared into the darkness. He seemed to have gone to bed, but maybe not.

It was too dark to see...

Xia Ge: "..." Ah, if only she had a very smart, very clever, and obedient puppet leader to help her monitor, that would be great.

She really wanted to sleep.
