Xia Ge tried her best to remain calm and composed, "So, you went back to the third chamber and waited for me, and then tricked me into continuing forward."

Su Chan looked at the young girl in front of her with a calm expression.

Her soft black hair draped over her shoulders, and her delicate face, once burning with fiery passion, was now as calm as a still lake. Paralyzed by the poison of the black vine, she was unable to move. Her torn black clothes had been removed, revealing her snow-white skin. She looked thin, fragile, and delicate, yet possessed an unbreakable resilience.

It was a beautiful but unbending spirit.

Su Chan chuckled softly.

Xia Ge ignored her expression and asked, "What I don't understand is how you knew that the lost deer was related to me."

"I don't know," Su Chan gently pulled up the girl's dress, revealing her shoulders, and said with a smile, "Whenever I'm in a bad mood, I like to come to your mountain to take a walk. Who knew that I would catch a little thief sneaking around."

System: "..."

Xia Ge: "..."

Why the hell would you come to Lingxi Peak to take a walk when you're in a bad mood? You're lying!

Su Chan continued, "The deer was always watching you from the corner, following you wherever you went. Wherever it was, there were no 'guardian spirits' daring to approach. I thought..."

"Since it looked so pitiful, I decided to help it and let it see you."

Su Chan smiled innocently, "So I controlled those useless guardian spirits to attack you - ah, that deer was so anxious, it kept urging you to leave, but you were still clueless and didn't run away - oh, I remember now."

The voice of the red-dressed girl was charming and seductive, and her jade-like hand gently lifted Xia Ge's chin. Her eyebrows and eyes were filled with a smile, "You wanted to run, but you can't... anymore."

"The lost deer is indeed very powerful." Su Chan let go of her hand, "Once it appeared, all the puppets were no longer under my control."

She narrowed her eyes, "Truly beautiful and powerful."

Upon hearing this, Xia Ge suddenly realized.

So that's how it was.

So the lost deer was actually warning her to run away...

At the time, she thought the lost deer was controlling those guardian spirits.

Xia Ge felt like she had been played by a Husky.
Su Chan fastened the belt for Xia Ge and said, "Do you have any more questions? I can tell you everything."

Not sure if it was an illusion, Xia Ge felt a slight improvement in her numb body.

She felt the coldness of the teleportation stone in her hand, with no expression on her face, but her heart was beating slightly.

[Black Vine: A black thorn with chronic toxins. Effect: The toxin can paralyze the body for three hours and gradually lose consciousness after four hours.]

According to the toxin, it should gradually become more and more numb. Why does it seem like she can move now?

The pain in her abdomen also began to feel a little bit.

"What's the matter with Mo Qiu Ran?" Xia Ge asked, trying not to let the other party notice her abnormality. "How do you know her?"

Su Chan "Oh"ed, and just when Xia Ge thought she was going to say something, she saw the other person smiling: "I can't tell you that."

Xia Ge: "..." Wasn't everything okay to tell?

Even if she didn't say it, Xia Ge could probably guess that Mo Qiu Ran was a spy for the Demon Cult.

Feeling her body was temporarily useless, she couldn't even crush the teleportation stone, and she couldn't beat this person in front of her no matter what.

Instead of beating around the bush... it's better to-

"Since you're a person who knows how to repay kindness," Xia Ge looked up at her, "then I want to leave here."

"Oh?" Su Chan smiled, "You better not move right now."

"I have something very important to do," Xia Ge said.

Su Chan: "Are you going to inform others?"

Xia Ge suddenly realized.

Su Chan: "You see, how can I let you go like this?"

Xia Ge: "..." It seemed to make sense.

But she wouldn't have remembered this if Su Chan hadn't mentioned it.
Xia Ge took a deep breath and forced a smile. "I won't do it. I don't even know your name. Do I look like the kind of person who seeks revenge for a favor?"

She didn't look like someone who would seek revenge for a favor, but she definitely looked like someone who would seek revenge for an injury.

Su Chan glanced at the spot where he had stabbed the girl and thought for a moment.

The girl in front of him had a fake smile on her face. Su Chan touched his chin and sighed, "Stop laughing. You're really ugly."

Xia Ge: "…"

Endure for a while, and the wind and waves will calm down. Endure, endure, endure…

System: "…It seems like you've encountered your arch-nemesis."

Xia Ge: "…" Shut up.

The devil may be formidable, but the Dao is invincible.

Xia Ge gave up on herself. "I'm ugly, let me go."

Su Chan thought for a moment, "Although you're a bit ugly, you're still quite interesting."

Xia Ge sighed and looked up at her. "I really won't betray you. I have something important to do."

"You just said you didn't know my name." Su Chan seemed to have not heard Xia Ge's words and spoke for herself, "That won't do. You have to remember my name."

Xia Ge: "…" No need, I've already remembered you.

She would never forget who had stabbed her in the stomach in her entire life.

This kind of messed up thing could happen to anyone, and she believed that person would remember it for life - even when they were old and gray, they could indignantly say that XXX had stabbed them in the stomach. Really, this kind of "remembering for life" was true.

Unless the person went through something even worse in their life - no, there was nothing worse than having a hole in their stomach.

"Well, that's great." Su Chan's words sounded insincere, and her eyes had a smile in them. Her voice was gentle, "Tell me what important things you have to do, ask for my name, and then say you won't forget it. I'll let you go, okay?"

Su Chan's voice was gentle and tender, as if Xia Ge was her long-lost lover. "Okay, Xia Xia?"

Okay, my ass. Xia, my ass.

…Endure for a while, and the wind and waves will calm down. Endure.
Xia Ge had no expression on her face. "Oh, what's your name then?"

Su Chan raised an eyebrow. "Hmm, my name is Achán."

Xia Ge looked at her with a face that looked like she had just eaten shit.

Achán?

Are you trying to fool me again!

Su Chan saw the girl's expression and couldn't help but laugh again. She reached out and rubbed the girl's head until her black hair was messy, then said slowly, "My name is Su Chan."

Xia Ge had a numb expression. "Oh."

Xia Ge seemed to understand how Ye Ze felt when she led him by the nose.

It's not that revenge is not taken, it's just that the time is not right.

If she had known that there would be retribution, she would never have bullied him again. Well...probably.

System: "...no sincerity."

"I don't like you talking to me with that expression." Su Chan lowered her head, her forehead against Xia Ge's, her eyes shining. "Change it, any expression is fine. Come on, say my name."

Xia Ge: "..."

You have too many issues.

Xia Ge made a visibly perfunctory expression. "Oh, Su Chan, Su Chan."

System: "..."

Su Chan was obviously unhappy. She got up slightly and looked at Xia Ge. Although she was smiling, there was some coldness in her eyes.

The pressure on the red-clothed girl's body dropped, and although she was still smiling, she looked a bit terrifying. An invisible pressure surrounded her, carrying a vague killing intent.

Xia Ge shuddered, her expression immediately serious, her eyes on her nose and her nose on her heart. "Hmm, Su Chan."

The sky and earth may be vast, but life is the most important!

System: "...".
The girl looked cute when she solemnly called out her own name.

"What's the important thing you wanted to tell me?" Just when Xia Ge thought the other party was angry, she suddenly heard Su Chan's calm voice.

She wasn't angry?

Xia Ge was a little surprised.

...It's better if she's not angry, otherwise, if she throws her, a seriously injured person, against the wall with one sleeve, she'll really be done for.

Since the numbness had faded away, her strength had slowly been recovering.

The medicinal effect of the Red Blood Spirit Valley Pill had not yet dissipated. As long as she crushed the teleportation stone when the other party was not paying attention, she could slip away.

She was so close, just a little bit more.

Tian Ling Ling, Di Ling Ling, Lingxi Patriarch, please protect her and let everything go smoothly.

Before that, she needed to stabilize this person.

"I promised someone that I would win the championship in the novice competition." Xia Ge said calmly, "The novice competition starts tomorrow."

"You promised someone?" Su Chan repeated, feeling amused, "This is clearly your own matter, why did you say 'promised someone'?"

The low pressure of gloom and coldness dissipated slowly with her words, and Xia Ge felt safe again.

She thought about how to answer for a while, then said, "It's precisely because it's my own matter that I promised someone...so I have to do it even more."

"Oh?" Su Chan seemed to find it interesting.

"If it were two unrelated strangers, they wouldn't say things like 'please become stronger' or 'I hope you can be more excellent'," Xia Ge said sincerely, "When someone says something like that to you, it means you have an important place in their heart. They sincerely hope that you can become stronger like they want you to, and when you do become stronger as they hoped, they will be truly proud of you."

She didn't want to do it before because she thought it didn't matter. She was alone in this strange world, with no ties or attachments, so no matter how outstanding or mediocre she was, no one would really care about her or worry about her.

But...

Ye Ze told her to enter the inner sect.

At that time, Xia Ge thought, it's really good, there is someone who cares about her.
The system's memory is missing, data is missing, and level is missing. She doesn't know what she should know, and knows a bunch of things she shouldn't. When she first met Ye Ze and got the system, she thought she had found hope to go back home. But in the end, all she got was a sentence.

System: "I don't know."

Xia Ge: "......"

It was so fucking hopeless.

But in this strange world of transmigration, she may never be able to go back to modern times, and may always be alone. However, at least now, there is someone who cares about her.

It's worth her... trying harder, so that the people who have hope for her won't be disappointed.

At least, don't look so bad that people worry.

"Is it?" Su Chan lowered her eyebrows and didn't know what she was thinking.

- If it's someone you care about, you would hope that they would be better.

Su Chan lightly touched the bone whistle in her sleeve.

Indeed... that's right.

...At that time, that was also how she felt.

- She hoped that she could stand at the pinnacle of this world, be unstoppable, and laugh in the face of everything. She hoped that nothing in this world could stop her, and that she could have the most beautiful things in the world.

At that time... she really thought that way.

But there is no more after that.

Just as Xia Ge felt that her strength had recovered enough and was planning to sneak away by crushing the teleportation stone while Su Chan seemed to be lost in thought and not paying attention, Su Chan's voice rang out again, soft and elegant, "If you leave directly, you will die. I advise you to be honest with me, don't think that it doesn't hurt now, when the poison completely subsides, you will be in unbearable pain."

Xia Ge was shocked and looked up at her.

The girl in red stood up, her sleeve missing a corner, and the jade dagger she had used earlier slipped out. "The poison on the Wusheng Dagger can neutralize the paralysis poison on the Black Vine. I just avoided your vital points, but the poison on it is very irritating. When the paralysis poison is neutralized, because of the residual toxicity, the wound will be very painful."

Xia Ge felt that she understood every word she said, but when they were put together, she didn't quite get it.
"...Poisoning? What does that mean? It's not what she thinks, right? Could it be that she stabbed her to detoxify her?!" 

Su Chan had a very disappointed look on her face, half-truthfully saying, "I have always been a person who repays kindness, but Xia Xia seems to not believe me." 

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Believing you would be strange." 

Moreover, even a normal person wouldn't consider stabbing someone as a way to repay kindness! Even if stabbing someone was the only way to detoxify them, you should at least consult with the person you are trying to save! 

Also, don't call her "Xia Xia" anymore, it gave her goosebumps. 

Xia Ge tried to gently guide her back to a normal person's thought process, "Don't call me Xia Xia... getting stabbed hurts a lot." 

Su Chan looked at her with a smile in her eyes but a confused expression on her face, "It hurts when you get stabbed?" 

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Your expression is asking to be beaten up, should I stab you now? Oh, actually, it doesn't hurt at all. Please let me stab you, I beg you." 

Su Chan said, "But weren't you paralyzed?" 

Xia Ge thought to herself, "..." 

Yes, she was paralyzed, and when she was stabbed, she only felt something entering her, it didn't hurt at all. 

But it was precisely because she couldn't feel anything that made it more terrifying! The knife really did enter her stomach! It really did! It went in without any feeling! 

Xia Ge emphasized, "But my spirit was seriously injured." 

Su Chan made the same visibly perfunctory expression as before, "Oh, Xia Xia, I'm sorry." 

Xia Ge thought to herself, "Damn it."
