Xia Ge looked up and saw a girl in a hemp dress with a red hairband being brutally stepped on by a man in blue and white sword clothes with a pointed chin and monkey cheeks on a nearby mountain path. The man's face was grimacing with a sinister smile, while the girl curled up in pain, "Who let you block the way of my master!?"

The mountain forest was shaded, and as Xia Ge pushed aside the scattered branches, he finally saw several disciples of the Sword Peak School standing behind the man in blue and white sword clothes. In the middle of them stood a girl wearing the same clothes, but unlike them, this girl's white wide sleeves were embroidered with beautiful silver butterflies with silver thread. Xia Ge was too far away to see the girl's face, but he felt that the silver butterflies on her sleeves were shining with a bloody light under the sunset, particularly dazzling.

"I really like butterflies. If there is such a day, I will embroider them all on my clothes."

Xia Ge was momentarily stunned.

They showed no sympathy on their faces for the man's bullying of the girl. Instead, there was a hint of mockery and pleasure.

"...Yes, I'm sorry..."

The bullied girl curled up tightly and wept, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry... please..."

The man kicked the girl's back as she curled up, and with great force, he kicked her more than three feet away!

"Sorry is useless. If it were, then the Thousand Souls Sect would have become a famous orthodox sect!" The man spat, his eyes showing a hint of pleasure. "Indeed, you are a cowardly Dan Peak trash, only capable of saying sorry - hahaha, when you face the Demon Sect, you are afraid you will become a group of soft-shelled shrimps who can only say sorry!!"

The Sword Peak disciples were too proud and looked down on the Dan Peak disciples who mostly came from poor families.

This was also the reason why she accidentally dyed her red hairband green but never changed it back.

It's better to avoid trouble.

However, at this moment, the smell of blood mixed with the scent of plants and soil on the mountain was as clear as a dream.

It was one against many, and they were Sword Peak disciples, so the odds of winning were not high.

"Tsk."

Xia Ge leaned sideways behind a mountain oak tree, picked a green leaf and folded it between his fingers, his eyes showing a hint of coldness.

"Chang Lu, let's go."

The girl's voice sounded indifferent, "Just let her remember it."

This voice.

Xia Ge's heart tightened slightly, and then he closed his eyes.

"Hehehe, yes, yes - did you hear that? Get lost!"

Translated by @JingYiZhuozi
The sharp-mouthed monkey-cheeked Constant Road rushed to the girl's side, wanting to kick her hard. Xia Ge's eyes suddenly turned cold, and she shot out a green leaf from her hand!

[One-hit kill]!

The emerald green leaf turned into a golden stone in the moment it left Xia Ge's hand, carrying a sharp aura, and pierced through Constant Road's raised right leg that was ready to kick!

"Ah--"

A heavy object fell to the ground, accompanied by a sound like a pig being slaughtered. "My leg, my leg--who?!!"

The few people from Sword Peak quickly drew their swords from their waist and guarded themselves, but their gazes involuntarily gathered on the green leaf that had penetrated Constant Road's right calf from an unknown source. Seeing the miserable state on his leg, they couldn't help but shudder.

The leaf deeply embedded in Constant Road's right calf, and half of the blood-stained green leaf penetrated through the flesh on the left side of the calf, looking particularly hideous.

"Ah...it hurts--"

Constant Road's face twisted, "Who, who, come out--"

The first version of [One-hit kill] meant that the thrown object could hit the place where the puppeteer's mind was focused one hundred percent of the time. The upgraded version of [One-hit kill] meant that the thrown object would carry a sharp aura and hit the target, piercing through stones and breaking gold, and being unyielding.

Xia Ge held her breath, and the overlapping branches of the mountain ash tree blended with the color of her linen clothes. If she was careful enough, she shouldn't be discovered--

"Why are you hiding?"

The girl's voice was casual, and she looked towards the mountain ash tree where Xia Ge was hiding. Her lips curled into a smile that was not quite a smile, "Come out."

--Even if we meet, we don't recognize each other.

After Xia Ge regained her senses, she held the refined pill in her hand and walked out slowly from behind the mountain ash tree.

"It's you--"

Constant Road stared at the linen-clad young man who walked out from behind the mountain ash tree with his triangular eyes wide open, his eyes full of malice, "My leg--it's you!!!"

"Eh? Me?" Xia Ge immediately put on a shocked look as if he had just been shocked by the group of Sword Peak disciples who had drawn their swords, "What's wrong with me? What are the senior brothers and sisters of Sword Peak doing here?"

Then he shifted his gaze and saw the girl.

Her black hair was like silk, tied with a blue hairband that ended in a beautiful butterfly behind her head. There was a crescent moon-like fringe on her forehead, and her melon seed face was as white as jade. Her pair of pitch-black apricot eyes were carefree, and her thin lips were smiling, making her look like a girl, but she seemed smaller than Xia Ge's current body, about eleven years old. She wore a blue and white sword robe, and a large piece of flying silver butterflies was embroidered on her wide sleeves, lifelike, as if they were about to fly out in the sunset.
The figure was tall and straight, despite being young, the eyes and brows carried a natural arrogance and nobility.

As expected...

"Brat - it was you just now!!" Chang Lu pulled out his long sword from his waist and pointed it at Xia Ge, with a ferocious expression, "Stop pretending!!"

"What?" Xia Ge came back to his senses, looking confused, "What do you mean? I don't know."

"Kill him!" Chang Lu gritted his teeth and said, "Whoever kills him, my Chang family will reward him with one hundred middle-grade spiritual stones!!"

The disciples of Jianfeng were moved, and their swords were aimed at Xia Ge.

"Hey hey-" Xia Ge waved her hand, looking helpless, "Why is it me? I just came from the Su Xi side. This little brother - are you saying that I hurt you?"

By the end of her sentence, Xia Ge looked surprised, gesturing towards the wound on the other's leg and then pointing at herself in disbelief, "Flying leaves piercing stones...? This senior brother... Do I look so powerful?"

Chang Lu looked at this kid with a cowardly face, and it didn't seem like someone who could do such things, but the more it was like this, the more aggrieved he felt. How could his second young master of the Chang family be looked down upon by a nobody!

If it wasn't him, he would still have to die!

He endured the pain and sneered, "I said it was who it was, and if I say it's you, it's you! You'd better die obediently!"

Indeed, he was a disciple of Jianfeng. Although she had done it, the other's attitude of saying whatever he wanted was really damn annoying.

The outer disciples of Danfeng curled up in pain, while the Jianfeng disciples pointed their swords at her because of Chang Lu's words, and the atmosphere was tense.

The girl with a silver butterfly embroidered on her sleeve just watched, with a shallow smile on her lips and a cold indifference in her eyes.

"Hey hey - don't be like this, we are all disciples of the Lingxi Peak. It's better to be kind and peaceful." Xia Ge raised both hands, looking helpless, "This young master, to be honest, I was personally selected by the Danfeng senior disciple as an inner disciple-"

I'm scared of you, but I also have a powerful background!

"Are you talking nonsense!" Chang Lu was in so much pain that he just wanted to sacrifice someone. His usual motto was to enjoy other people's pain for his own pleasure. Now, his mind was full of how to make the other person die more miserably, no matter who they were!!

"Who is the Danfeng senior disciple, and who the hell are you!!" he shouted.

"What are you all waiting for? Attack now!" he continued.

"Wait a minute."

The voice of the girl with the silver butterfly on her sleeve suddenly sounded.

"...My lady?" Chang Lu held his leg, looking at Chu Yi, unwillingly saying, "He-"

(Translation by @lililuvbl)
"Let him finish," Chu Yi said, looking at Xia Ge with a hint of curiosity in his eyes.

This person...

Chang Lu snorted, sneering, "He's definitely just talking nonsense! This kid doesn't even know the right color for the flame, and he's as skinny as a rail. And he's been pre-selected - who can't brag?"

"Hey, that's not fair," Xia Ge said, glancing at the Dan Feng disciple cowering behind Chang Lu. He furrowed his brows unconsciously, then spoke with a serious expression, "Senior Sister said that I have a unique bone structure and exceptional talent for alchemy. I didn't believe it at first..."

Chang Lu hadn't even had a chance to sneer before Xia Ge continued, "Until today, when I tried alchemy for the first time. You won't believe it, but I actually made a peerless divine pill on my first attempt!"

Xia Ge widened his eyes and exclaimed, "It's incredible!"

The system said, "...Didn't you blow up the furnace and couldn't even find the pill the first time you tried?"

The Jian Feng disciple beside them was stunned.

It was no wonder - Jian Feng disciples focused on swordsmanship and had little knowledge of alchemy. The alchemy learning formation was located in Ling Xi Peak, and only poor families would come to learn there. Jian Feng disciples often looked down on the Dan Feng's pills, so they knew very little about them.

As Xia Ge spoke, he naturally took out the two "peerless divine pills" from his pocket, which were charred black. He looked serious, "Look, this 'Rejuvenating Divine Pill' was just made by me! Today, my senior sister from Dan Feng came to the Su Xi Alchemy Pavilion to teach me, and I didn't disappoint her expectations!"

The system said, "..."

"You're talking nonsense!" Chang Lu sneered, "I bet you just picked up two sheep dung eggs from the side of the road!"

Xia Ge was shocked, "How can you compare this peerless divine pill to sheep dung eggs? You're still my senior brother at Jian Feng, how can you be so vulgar!"

As Xia Ge spoke, he opened the system's point store.

"Little Puppet, don't you sell Mary Sue Holy Water that doesn't do anything but shine with a rainbow light when sprinkled on something?"

The system said, "...Yes."

"What do you want to do?" Xia Ge's lips curved slightly.
"I am looking for someone who can appreciate the taste of Dan."
