When Ye Ze arrived at the Su Xi Dan Ge to find Xia Ge, she was busy lighting the fire and throwing in materials into the furnace.

The girl in the red and white maple dress sat on the side, holding a red book with white pages in her delicate hands. Her posture was elegant and straight, with a light and clear expression. She was slightly surprised to see Ye Ze arrive.

However, Xia Ge, who was struggling with alchemy, brightened up at the sight of him.

"Little puppet, it's my chance to slack off!" she thought to herself.

The system responded with silence.

"Ye Ze?" Gu Pei Jiu frowned lightly and asked, "What's the matter?"

Xia Ge looked at Ye Ze, as if she was looking at the rising sun and her life's faith. Her movements of throwing materials into the furnace slowed down. However, suddenly, with a "smack," she was lightly hit on the head, and the cool fragrance around her dispersed. "Focus," Gu Pei Jiu said.

"Ouch, that hurts!" Xia Ge immediately held her head and pretended to be in pain. "Ah, I can't do it anymore. My head hurts. Can we take a break?"

Her eyes glanced slyly towards Ye Ze, trying to send an SOS signal with her gaze.

Ye Ze, it's time to save your brother from the fire and water!

However, Ye Ze seemed indifferent to her plea. "I want to talk to Xia Wu Yin," he said.

Upon hearing this, Xia Ge's eyes lit up like a thousand-watt light bulb.

You really came to save me from the fire and water!

Good brother! I'll definitely take you to drink in the Mo Family Village from now on! I won't say that you have bad breath anymore! I have a lot to say to you too!

Gu Pei Jiu rolled up the book in her hand and lightly hit the restless Xia Ge, saying in a flat voice, "No rest. Wait until after class to talk."

The first sentence was directed at Xia Ge, and the second was directed at Ye Ze.

Ye Ze lowered his head and immediately surrendered, "Yes."

Xia Ge: "???"
Wait a minute... Is your fighting power really this weak?

Are you really the male lead? You're just an extra, right!! Isn't Dan Feng Gu Pei Jiu one of your wives? Are you really so afraid of your own wife!?
"You should look up at your wife and then bravely confront her! And then, with your little brother Xia Wuyin, go have some fun! Go have some fun!" 

However, Ye Ze was completely unaware of Xia Ge's crazy barrage of comments. He faced Xia Ge's burning eyes without changing his expression and continued, "Senior sister, can I wait here?" 

Gu Peijiu nodded slightly in agreement and then looked at Xia Wuyin, who looked dejected and as if he had lost his faith in life. She lightly knocked on his head and said in a flat voice, "Continue." 

Xia Ge started to throw materials into the furnace with a dejected look on her face. 

Ah, alchemy. She couldn't muster any enthusiasm for it. How boring. 

The sun was setting. 

"Ah - I did it!" 

Xia Ge pulled out a green pill covered in ashes from the furnace, her face covered in soot. She cried tears of joy, "Senior sister!! It's finally not black anymore!!! Have I succeeded?! Am I going to reach the pinnacle of my life?!" 

Gu Peijiu looked at the green pill in Xia Ge's hand, covered in black furnace ashes, and was about to say something when she suddenly heard Ye Ze's cool voice. 

"Xia Wuyin, the fasting pill is brown." 

Xia Ge: "......" 

She retracted her previous statement. That stinky kid Ye Ze must have eaten onions or garlic today. His mouth stinks. 

Ignore him. 

Xia Ge looked at the young girl in red and white maple clothes beside her, "Senior sister..." 

Because of how she had covered herself in ashes while pulling out the pill, the young boy holding the green pill looked up at her with hope for approval. Gu Peijiu felt a strange feeling in her heart. 

This little rascal. 

He doesn't even know his face is black. 

She walked up to the boy and pulled out a snow-white handkerchief from her sleeve, wiping the boy's face covered in furnace ashes. 

The cold sandalwood scent spread a gentle fragrance, and the soft fabric touched the boy's face. Xia Ge held the green pill and looked at the girl's white and delicate face, feeling her gentle actions. She didn't know why, but suddenly she felt a bit embarrassed. 

...She was in such a sorry state right now.
"Mm." Gu Peijiu put the handkerchief into her sleeve and reached out to touch Xia Ge's hair. Her voice was clear like a flowing stream. "You're much better than before."

The hand on her head was gentle, and Xia Ge suddenly came back to her senses. She suddenly felt that the green pill in her hand was a bit eye-catching. "It's green."

"It's copper green that accidentally stained during alchemy." Gu Peijiu withdrew her hand and paused. "It's normal."

Xia Ge chuckled awkwardly. "Oh, I see."

Gu Peijiu responded with a "Mm". "Class is over, go."

Xia Ge immediately put the failed alchemy aside. "Oh, class is over. Ye Ze, do you have evening class today? If not, let's go down the mountain and drink..."

The girl's voice was cold and clear. "Xia Wuyin, if I catch you drinking at the foot of the mountain again, you'll lose three months of salary."

Xia Ge: "..."

Ye Ze looked at Xia Wuyin like she was a fool. "..."

Xia Ge: "Ye Ze... let's go down and drink something..."

System: "..." Host, please leave the group, really.

After leaving the Su Xi Dan Ge, the two went down the mountain together. Without the pressure of their senior sister, Xia Ge felt much more relaxed.

She lazily yawned. "Senior Brother Ye, what do you want to talk to me about?"

He even came to Su Xi to find her. He must be very eager.

The shadows of the trees were enchanting. When she was refining the pill just now, Xia Ge only thought about how to finish quickly and leave, so she didn't notice that he was wearing Dan Feng Su Yi.

Now that she noticed, under the hazy sunset, the exquisite inner door clothes set off the boy's eyebrows and eyes with a touch of indifference. He didn't say a word in response to Xia Ge's question.

Xia Ge's movements paused slightly.

...Except for the unexpected occasions like the Hall of Reflection, Ye Ze rarely wore Dan Feng Su Yi in front of her.

Xia Ge stopped in her tracks.

Under the heavy shadows of the trees, the boy with green hair tied up in a hemp robe stood still, tilting his head with a smile that was not quite a smile. "Senior Brother Ye." 

Ye Ze also stopped.
"Can we still drink together?" 

She suddenly asked a question that seemed irrelevant.

Ye Ze's pupils slightly contracted.

After a long time.

"Yes."

"Oh."

After saying that, the two fell silent, and the air seemed to freeze for a moment.

It was about time.

Xia Ge hugged her shoulders and leaned casually against a tree, looking at the red clouds in the distance, breaking the silence, "Hey, Senior Brother Ye, your clothes look really good."

Ye Ze clenched his fists and pursed his lips without saying a word.

"Speak up." Xia Ge laughed, "What's bothering our Senior Brother Ye so much that he's so hesitant to speak?"

This time, he was not as easily provoked by her as usual, just looking at her and saying nothing.

Xia Ge was stared at with goosebumps all over her body, and finally couldn't stand it anymore, rolling her eyes to the sky, "Okay, okay, I can't take it anymore. What kind of look is that? Speak up if you have something to say, I still have to go down the mountain to drink!"

"Senior Sister wants me to go to Sword Peak."

The young man spoke quietly, "Xia Wuyin, I'm leaving Dan Feng."

...As expected.

The fledgling eagle is finally going to spread its wings.

Xia Ge slightly curved her eyes, "Congratulations."

Congratulations, you are finally going to become stronger.

-Before you become the only head of the Ye family in Lonely City, all the humiliation and sadness will be the foundation of your strength, and all the anger and hatred will be your wise power.

Hearing the other party's congratulatory tone with a hint of shallowness, Ye Ze suddenly felt very angry.
——Doesn't he care at all?!

"......Don't you understand what I mean?!" The young man wearing a delicate maple-colored robe suddenly turned red and grabbed Xia Ge's collar forcefully. "Do you think you can live so leisurely in Danfeng? Xia Wuyin, do you understand nothing?!"

- Don't you care at all?!

The setting sun was like blood.

Xia Ge felt helpless.

She understood.

No one understood better than her.

The difference between outer and inner disciples.

Their difference was not just in the rough clothes and delicate robes, but more fundamentally, it was the unbridgeable class divide.

One was the master, the other was the master's dog.

And a dog without a master would be bullied. But with a master, the bullies would hesitate.

After all, when you beat a dog, you have to look at the owner.

The young man's voice lowered, and he leaned his forehead against Xia Ge's shoulder, with a complex and tired expression. "Xia Wuyin, I can't take care of you anymore."

Danfeng and Jianfeng were different.

If he went to Jianfeng, he wouldn't be able to take care of himself, and he had no strength to take care of this person anymore.

Xia Ge rarely restrained her smile and fell silent.

After a while.

Ye Ze heard his own voice.

"Take the exam and enter the inner door of Danfeng."

"I know, you just don't want to do it."
"If you want to do it, you can do it no matter what."

Xia Ge didn't say anything, looking at the blood-red sunset on the horizon. Suddenly, she felt that the phrase "the setting sun sinks in the west, and the lovesick wanderer is at the ends of the earth" was very appropriate.

It seemed that she still hadn't returned the ancient poems she had borrowed from the PE teacher. She was still the brilliant student of compulsory education.

"...I won't go to Sword Peak until after your exam," Ye Ze slowly loosened Xia Ge's collar, closed his eyes, and turned to leave.

I will protect you as an inner disciple of Danfeng for these few days.

-"Xia Wuyin, I can only help you up to this point."

"Ye Ze."

The silent young man behind finally spoke.

Ye Ze's footsteps paused slightly as he left.

Xia Ge's eyes reflected the blood-red sunset as she leaned casually against the trunk, hugging her shoulders. "Don't let anyone bully you after you go to Sword Peak."

Ye Ze: "..."

"I'm serious. If anyone bullies you, tell me and I'll help you beat them up."

Ye Ze snorted and left the mountain on his own.

The back of the young man in the Danfeng plain clothes was extremely straight and proud.

"You should worry about yourself," Xia Ge said. "Don't make me worry anymore, Xia Wuyin."

After Ye Ze left, Xia Ge looked up at the sky.

System: "So?"

Xia Ge: "Finally, the day has come... Should I package the Ghost Dragon Jade?"
System: "Why do you have to wrap it up?"

Xia Ge raised her slender index finger and her silver tail ring shone brightly. She deliberately spoke in a coquettish tone, "Because I am a delicate little girl."

System: "..." Just shut up.

Xia Ge picked some wild fruits on the mountain and wrapped them up. The sunset had completely disappeared and the stars filled the sky.

Holding a bunch of fruits and looking up at the stars, Xia Ge suddenly spoke hesitantly, "Guilong Jade... I broke off one of its horns before. It seems a bit ugly to give it as a gift like this."

System: "..." That's really troublesome for you.

Xia Ge asked, "Do you have any props in your point mall that can restore items, Doraemon?"

System: "..." Can't you just look it up yourself? And what the hell is a Doraemon?
