As there was no way to sign up anymore, Xia Ge could only reluctantly accept reality when she missed the registration deadline.

"Ye Ze is definitely going to kill me... Ahh."

Xia Ge hugged her head. "Xiao Kui, I feel like my life is all dark now..."

The system tried to comfort her. "Why don't you go take a look... maybe there's still hope?"

"Where's the hope? It's pretty much despair... Ah, hope... Oh, right, hope! Gui Long Yu! No, I have to find Gui Long Yu!"

Although the competition was a lost cause, she had to give Gui Long Yu to Ye Ze before he left!

She hoped that he wouldn't turn evil because of Gui Long Yu. She really didn't mean to do it!

The system: "..."

Xia Ge left immediately, using Gui Ying Mi Zong to quickly flash to the place where she lost the jade.

The grass was in disarray, and there were faint shadows of the puppet being hunted by the demons a few days ago. However, Xia Ge searched through all the grass, but she couldn't even find a pretty stone, let alone the jade.

"Ahh, why can't I find it?!" Xia Ge panicked, hugging her head and spinning around. "It's over, it's over... I'm definitely going to die!"

"Yo yo yo..."

The familiar sound of deer calls rang out.

Xia Ge, who was at her wit's end, was taken aback. She turned around and saw a deer head peeking out from behind a thick tree trunk in the deep forest. Its antlers were like branches, and its deep purple eyes stared at her, beautiful like a dream.

...Lost deer?

What was it doing here?

Thinking of Su Chan's words earlier, Xia Ge thought, it probably doesn't have any malicious intentions now, right?

Xia Ge: "..."

Lost deer: "Yo yo yo."

The system: "..."

Xia Ge's eyes lit up. "Do you know where Gui Long Yu is?"
"What? It was picked up by a girl in a red and white dress?"

The deer hiding behind the tree nodded its head in a reserved manner: "Moo."

The system: "..." How did you understand that?!

Xia Ge said, "She's very good-looking... and has a cold temperament. Her right hand is wrapped in a red diamond-like garment... Ah, isn't that Senior Sister?"

Xia Ge was thunderstruck. "It was actually picked up by Senior Sister!!!?"

The lost deer nodded and achieved its goal before turning and leaving. The back view of the lost deer with blue plum blossoms appeared beautiful and proud. Xia Ge had many questions to ask it, such as why it had brought her to the ancestor's tomb and why it had helped her. Was it because she was too good-looking or something... Ahem.

But after learning that Senior Sister had picked up the Ghost Dragon Jade, Xia Ge completely forgot about these questions. Now, her mind was filled with...

Damn it, I came to the back mountain to steal the spiritual wood secretly, but it seems like I've been caught by Senior Sister again!

And she had promised Senior Sister that she would pass the internal test, but now she had lost the competition!!

And Senior Sister had come to give her extra lessons for the competition!

She had shamelessly said that she would come first to turn down the extra lessons... No, she didn't say she would come first, but when she had concocted the Twin Golden Pills, she had assured Senior Sister:

"Don't worry, there won't be any problems!"

Now, Xia Ge just wanted to borrow a time machine and slap her own face back then.

If you're not sure about something, don't brag about it!

No problem? Bullshit! It's a big problem now!

If there's no problem, why don't you go sign up?! Why are you going back to sleep?! Why are you stealing the glass wood from the back mountain?! What are you doing with the glass wood box?! Buying a coffin for the pearl? Bullshit, you lost your wife and broke the army!

Did you break your promise?!

Are you out of luck?!

Did you blow your own trumpet too much?

Xia Ge found a tree to support her body and felt completely defeated.

The system seemed to have nothing to say, and the whole place fell silent.
After a while, Xia Ge said, "Ah... Xiao Gui."

The system responded, "Hmm?"

Xia Ge sighed, "I might have to copy alchemy texts in the punishment hall for the rest of my life..."

The system thought for a moment and decided to comfort her, "There will be opportunities next year."

Xia Ge began to imagine her distant future as an elderly person, "I wonder if the outer disciples who copy alchemy texts receive social security and retirement benefits. I should ask about pension plans and elderly insurance..."

The system took back its sympathy and delivered a cold blow, "Outer disciples? Retirement benefits? Those don't exist."

Xia Ge sat up straight as if she had been struck by something, "Ah! No way! I can't just sit here and wait for death! I have to become an inner disciple!"

If she really accepted her fate and was punished to copy alchemy texts, that would be one thing. But Xia Ge felt guilty for boasting about herself.

...It definitely wasn't for the retirement benefits!!

"Oh, host, keep working hard," the system said.

The system didn't bother to comment further since Xia Ge was already halfway through the competition.

"Don't be so discouraged, Xiao Gui! Have you ever heard of a quote from a great man named Lu Xun in our region?" Xia Ge said.

The system's voice sounded dismissive, "Ah, what quote?"

Xia Ge spoke solemnly, "A true warrior not only faces the harsh realities of life and the sight of blood, but also faces their own boasting!"

The system exclaimed, "..." Damn it, did you make up that last sentence yourself? Lu Xun's coffin is going to roll over! 

The system held back and said, "Alright, brave one, hurry up and finish quickly. Look at the time, you're about to start the third round and you might not make it in time..."

However, before the system could finish speaking, Xia Ge sprang into action! Through Xia Ge's eyes, the system felt like it was watching a high-definition TV, but the next second, the screen flickered and turned into an old-fashioned TV from the 90s.
Everything in front of her was a blur.

This was Ghost Shadow's maximum speed!

The system felt a blank in its data for a second, then exclaimed, "Are you crazy?!"

The speed was so fast that her wounds couldn't handle it!

"If I can't get in through regular admission, then I'll be a special admission! I'm so outstanding! I'm also shining bright! As one of Dan Peak's inner disciples this year, I must have my place!" 

- Even if she didn't sign up.

As long as she was excellent enough to blind others with her titanium alloy dog eyes, she could enter the inner door! Absolutely! Absolutely!!

The wind howled, and Ghost Shadow was pushed to its limits. All the scenery around her became a blur, flying past her vision like fine lines. The wind blew on her face, sharp and piercing. Xia Ge gritted her teeth, "I am a warrior!"

The system said, "...Host, warrior, no, hero, your wound is splitting!"

Xia Ge grinned, "It's okay, a hero is someone who dares to face the bloodshed - it doesn't hurt!"

The system said, "You're fucking bleeding out right now!"

"Everything is for the sake of retirement...no, for the bragging I did earlier, no, for the promise! What's a little blood?!"

The system said, "...it's retirement insurance, right? You said it, trash."

= =

Dan Peak, Dan Tournament Field.

This was a spacious area set up at the foot of Dan Peak. There were already hundreds of copper furnaces arranged in neat rows on the field.

Just like the Sword Peak entrance exam, there were platforms set up in the east, west, and north. Since this was Dan Peak's home court, the northern platform was where Dan Peak's disciples watched the exam, led by Gu Peijiu. The western platform was where the Beast Peak disciples sat, while the eastern platform was where the Sword Peak disciples were. The Sword Peak platform was usually sparse, as the Sword Peak disciples were proud and rarely came to watch Dan Peak's entrance exam. However, today was unexpectedly crowded.

Gu Peijiu casually swept her gaze around and saw a girl sitting on one of the platforms, holding a sword in her blue and white swordsmanship outfit.

Her black hair was tied up high with a blue headband, without too much decoration. However, her face was as white as jade, her light brown almond eyes bright and sharp, her lips pursed into a line, her back straight, and she carried the pride of a Sword Peak disciple.

She was the backup senior disciple of Sword Peak...Chu Yao.

Gu Peijiu's black eyes flashed with surprise.
Behind her, the disciples of Dan Feng were whispering, "Is that the Miss of the Chu family?"

"Is she the two-time champion of the Sword Edge Ling competition?"

"Why would she come to watch our Dan Feng's entry-level competition..."

"She probably just came on a whim. As a Miss like her, she has probably seen sky and earth level elixirs, but has never seen how a yellow level elixir is refined - maybe she came to broaden her horizons."

"Hahaha, what a great opportunity, Lu Qie, why don't you go down and refine a Pigu Dan to show her?"

"Forget it!"

"..."

Gu Peiju's voice was calm, "Quiet."

The noisy disciples behind her immediately quieted down and behaved properly.

Ye Ze, wearing a Dan Feng plain robe, stood on her side, his brows tightly furrowed, his eyes showing a hint of anxiety. While the people around were discussing the backup senior disciple of Jian Feng, he didn't even glance over, just staring tightly at the entrance.

The list had already been read twice.

Gu Peiju looked up at the sky, waiting for another half hour, and the names would be read for the third time.

Those who were absent would lose their qualification to participate.

The girl in the red and white maple dress had a light expression on her face. She flipped through her own list, looked at the last name, and her eyes showed a hint of confusion.

Are you going to break your promise?

"Miss..." Xiao Qing cautiously said, "The names of the new disciples on this side have all been read."

"Okay."

Chu Yao, holding a sword, replied indifferently.

"..."

Xiao Qing dared not speak anymore, but from the looks of it, her young lady was definitely going to be the last one sitting here.

She lamented in her heart. She was exhausted from refining elixirs, and they were only the lowest grade elixirs. Her young lady had no idea what she was doing here. If she wanted to watch someone refine elixirs, she could have invited the best elixir master from the Zhi clan to do it for her.
"Don't talk about the small Yellow-level Fasting Pill, even the Earth-level medicinal pills that can cause heaven and earth to change are not impossible to see with the identity of the Chu family's eldest miss in Chang'an. So why bother to come and watch a group of novice alchemists who are not even considered as beginners in the Dan Peak Sect?"

Time slowly passed.

"Okay, this is the final roll call!"

The Dan Peak inner disciple holding the roster had a clear voice, standing on the stage in his red maple robe, looking neat and tidy. "Any disciples who have not been called will lose their qualification to participate!"

Ye Ze looked towards the door and clenched his fists tightly. He gritted his teeth and turned to leave.

"Xia Wuyin, what are you doing?"

Gu Peijiu's expression was calm as she turned a page on the scroll in her hand. "Ye Ze."

Ye Ze's movements froze, his voice faintly unwilling. "Senior Sister, I..."

"Don't you trust him?"

The girl's voice was cold and quiet, her eyes devoid of stars and moon, silent as she spoke. "Then trust him until the end."

Ye Ze's body stiffened. After a while, he laughed at himself and stopped moving.

Believe or not...what difference does it make?

The girl in the red and white maple robe turned another page of the scroll.

Ye Ze's lips were tightly pursed, his fists clenched tightly. Meanwhile, the girl's voice was calm and light.

"At least, let me see if he is worthy of so much trust from others."

Ye Ze closed his eyes and remained silent for a long time.

In this world, anyone could be unworthy of his trust.

But if it was Xia Wuyin...

She would always be worthy of it.

"Number 77, Huo Bai!"
"Here."

The lazy teenager responded with a grunt. The boy named Huo Bai hugged his shoulders and looked at the empty stove beside him, squinting his eyes slightly.

"Another absence."

The girl on Huo Bai's right snorted, "Being late for such an important exam, there's no future for them."

If Xia Ge were here, she would definitely recognize the girl as the one she rescued from Chang Lu's hands and sent to the doctor's house, paying for her medical expenses.

"Number 98, Mao Qing!"

The girl responded with a "here", and Huo Bai looked at the stove in front of him, with an unclear meaning.

An important exam...

"No matter what others do, I'm going to be the champion," Mao Qing's bright eyes were filled with a hint of fighting spirit, "I want to be the first disciple of this Dan Peak!"

Huo Bai snorted lightly, first place... how boring.

"What about you, don't you want to be first?" Mao Qing raised her eyebrows.

Huo Bai: "I don't care."

Mao Qing hummed and sneered, "Someone like you might as well not come, just to get a ranking--"

She pointed to the empty stove next to Huo Bai, "What's the point of being like this stupid person who doesn't show up--"

"Number 124, Xia Wu Yin--"

Suddenly, a black shadow appeared in the clear sky, rolling with fierce winds, like a black horse suddenly rushing out of a dense forest onto the Dan competition stage!

Mao Qing's voice froze, her pupils reflecting the black shadow in mid-air, momentarily speechless.

Ye Ze's eyes widened as he looked at the black shadow in mid-air, his heart beating rapidly, his clenched fists quietly loosening.

- You're here.

On the platform of the Sword Peak, Xiao Qing widened her eyes, "What... is that?"

But the young lady beside her "scooched" up and stood up, staring at the black-clothed boy who suddenly appeared--
Chu Yao's heart was racing.

It's him!

It's really him!

He's indeed... a disciple of Dan Feng!

The person reading the name list was stunned by the black-clad young man who descended from the sky. The sentence "absentees will be banned from the competition" was stuck in their throat.

In an instant, a hoarse voice pierced through the air, filled with wild excitement and arrogance:

"Here—"

He appeared out of nowhere!

It was sudden, as if an impossible miracle had happened.

Xia Ge did a 360-degree flip in the air and landed steadily on the ground, kneeling on one knee. She adjusted her grin and then looked up to face the girl in red and white maple clothes on the stage with a bright smile.

He was not wearing the robes of an outer disciple, and his old black clothes accentuated his thin figure. His black hair was slightly messy, but his eyes shone like stars, and his voice was hoarse but clear:

"Dan Feng's 556th generation, 88th outer disciple, Xia Wu Yin, greets Senior Sister!"

Gu Peiju's eyes reflected the young man below who was smiling brilliantly at her. Her hand holding the pen slowly relaxed.

He came.

As expected... he came.

Gu Peiju lowered her eyebrows and her heart inexplicably relaxed. Her voice was calm:

"Find your position and get ready to start."

"Yes!"

Xia Ge answered and stood up. As she stood up, she could vaguely feel warm liquid slowly spreading on the bandage on her abdomen. Her body was still half-numb, and the wound was torn because she flew too fast just now. It hurt a bit, but not too much.

—She could endure it.

Under the black clothes that were tidied up by Su Chan was a white undershirt. The warm blood soaked the bandage and undershirt, gradually dyeing the black collar with an unnatural dark color. From afar, it was not very obvious, like a shadow on the collar.
In front of the eyes of nearly a thousand spectators and participants, Xia Ge straightened his back and walked to his position as if nothing had happened.

This small injury was nothing.

...Just endure a little longer.

Looking at the boy's straight back, Gu Peijiu vaguely noticed that his walking posture was a little awkward.

Stiff, sluggish.

- As if he was injured.

Could it be... he was injured in the back mountain before?!

Gu Peijiu's pupils shrank, her lips moved, wanting to say something, but she heard Ye Ze muttering to himself on the side.

"...he deserves it."

- Xia Wu Yin, always deserving of his trust.

The girl in the red and white maple dress paused slightly in her movements. She sat on the stage, watching the black-clothed boy walk step by step towards the cauldron with a straight back, and in the end, she didn't say a word.

- Therefore, the boy who deserves Ye Ze's trust will not want to disappoint others.

Gu Peijiu saw the pride belonging to Xia Wu Yin under his straight back.

- So be it.

Gu Peijiu glanced at what she had previously written on the file, [Special Admission: Xia Wu Yin], and slowly closed it.

He was actually a proud child - standing up straight like this, perhaps just wanting to show everyone that he didn't need any care.

Gu Peijiu's lips tightened slightly.

...Let her see if his strength can bear his pride.

Xia Ge, who had no idea what Gu Peijiu was thinking: {This body will strive for pension insurance for a lifetime, even if it means risking my life nine times!}

Pride.jpg 

