Chu Yao left, but Xia Ge stayed behind and squatted silently in a small grove for a while. In the end, she didn't know what she was thinking. She drove the Ghostly Illusion back to where Ye Ze lived secretly.

Although Ye Ze's place was in the accommodation area for new disciples of the Sword Peak, Xia Ge discovered that this place was relatively remote compared to the positions of other disciples. There was a sense of isolation here. When she came here earlier in the day, there were people coming and going, and she didn't notice it. Now that it was late at night, the location of the small house seemed deliberate and abrupt.

Xia Ge had just finished looking around and stood on tiptoe on a locust tree behind Ye Ze's small house when she suddenly heard sneering voices below.

"What? She came here eagerly, and you are treating her like this?"

"Oh my, it's making me so sad that I'm about to cry."

"Do you think we won't give him trouble like this? Those who are with ants are also ants."

Accompanied by the muffled sound of punches and kicks, Xia Ge's heart suddenly skipped a beat. She looked at the boy curled up under the tree, being beaten by others, and almost instinctively pulled off a leaf from the tree. She threw it at the attackers with a sure hit.

"Warning! Prohibited from altering established plot!"

The leaf, which carried a gust of wind, instantly became soft and weak when it was about to pierce through the chests of the three people. The system's warning was sharp and sudden. Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly as the leaves fell weakly. She watched the attacker's fist wind sweep through the leaves and finally fell mercilessly on the boy's face.

For a moment, an evil fire surged up.

"Xiao Kui!"

The system's voice was mechanical and numb. "Prohibited from altering established plot."

Xia Ge then opened her skill panel and found that all her skills were prohibited, and she couldn't even open the points mall. She really wanted to rush down and beat them up, but she knew that this was the dumbest way.

Putting aside whether she could beat these people with her skills or not, even if she could beat them, Ye Ze would not want to see her.

If she rushed down, it would only make him feel ashamed.

Xia Ge slowly clenched the box in her hand.

After spending so much time together, she knew what kind of person Ye Ze was.

Perhaps she was too self-righteous, but Ye Ze...

He didn't want to appear extremely embarrassed in her eyes, nor did he want to be excellent to the point of being unattainable in her heart. He was trying to maintain a balance.
Proud and humble at the same time.

He would put on a linen robe and skip class to drink with her, even when he was eligible to wear the prestigious Dan Feng Su Yi. He would also feel ashamed when she saw him in a disheveled state.

That's why he said those words earlier.

She knew it all, so she didn't say anything.

But because of this, he should not be bullied!

He should always be proud and not feel even a hint of humiliation in front of her!

The moon was covered by dark clouds, and the sky became dark.

"Why are you staring at me? Do you think I won't gouge out your eyes?!"

A tall and thin person sneered and kicked the boy in the stomach. "You're quite impressive."

Enough!

Being stupid is better than watching him get beaten up!

Xia Ge couldn't take it anymore and was about to rush forward when there was a muffled sound. The tall and thin person who was just arrogant was kicked and fell to the ground!

"Who?! Who kicked me? Who dares to kick me? My dad is-"

The other two bullies were also confused, and in the deep night, the girl's voice was cold, like the wind. "Who is your dad?"

Familiar yet unfamiliar, accompanied by a fierce and forceful sound of ribs being crushed and deformed-

"Is he also garbage like you?"

"Who-who?!"

The other two were a little panicked, and one of them said weakly, "I'll tell you, my dad is the head of the Qian family in Jinzhou! Be careful!"

The answer to him was a cold sword that brushed past his cheek and went through the tree behind Xia Ge.

"Chirp!"

The icy blade was embedded in the locust tree where Xia Ge was, penetrating three inches deep. The whole tree shook, and Xia Ge, who was about to rush forward, froze on the tree, holding onto the branches, and feeling a bit stunned.
The son of the Qian family was stunned for two seconds before he vaguely felt the pain on his face. He trembled as he wiped his hand and felt the warm liquid. He immediately screamed, "My face! My face! Who are you? I will not let you go!"

"I?" The girl's voice carried a hint of bloodthirstiness. "I am your aunt!"

The next second, the young man surnamed Qian was punched onto a tree. The branches shook and Xia Ge grabbed onto a branch. Another person was kicked to the ground, followed by the sound of punches and kicks. The three bullies who had been fierce and violent just moments ago had become like lambs to the slaughter, being beaten to the point where they didn't know which way was up.

"Tsk, weren't you just so capable?!"

"What a coward!"

"Stand up and fight back?"

With each punch and kick, the girl who had suddenly appeared unleashed her thoughts of using violence to counter violence to the extreme under the moonlight obscured by dark clouds.

"What? Is this all the ability you have? How did you get into the academy? Who is your father? Call him here?!"

"What a bunch of trash."

The beaten young men were still not giving up, gasping for breath. "You, you just wait..."

"Bang!"

With a cold glance at the three trash who had been kicked unconscious, Chu Yao coldly snorted, licked her lips, and let her tiger fangs show. Her voice was arrogant and sinister. "Come on, I'm waiting for you."

The entire time, Ye Ze leaned against the tree in silence, gazing at her blankly without saying a word.

"What? Are you staying here for the night, trash from Dan Feng?" Chu Yao finished dealing with the bullies and saw the victim. Her voice was disdainful. "You're so cowardly, you deserve to be bullied."

Xia Ge listened from the tree, silently embarrassed.

"What are you still standing there for?" Chu Yao stepped on the head of the young man surnamed Qian and drew out the long sword that was stuck in the tree with her other hand. "What? Are your legs too weak to stand up? As a coward like you, why did you come to Sword Peak? Are you blind, as a disciple of Dan Feng?"

Upon hearing her insult to Dan Feng, Ye Ze gritted his teeth and angrily said, "You...shut up!"

In response, the girl wiped her cold sword across his cheek.

The moonlight reflected off the sword's blade, and the girl's tiger fangs were cold and sharp. Her low voice was mocking. "To tell someone to shut up, first, you have to have the strength to do so."

"Only causing grief to your companions, what kind of hero are you? Trash."
Ye Ze felt like something had suddenly blocked his throat, and he couldn't say a word. Chu Yao sneered, casually swinging her sword and returning it to its sheath, the sound of the sword ringing.

"Whoever dares to bully you, bully them back a hundred times harder. If they say something you don't want to hear, beat them until they can't speak. If they resist you, beat them until they can't resist. If they don't agree with you, beat them until they have to agree. Isn't that simple?" 

Ye Ze gritted his teeth and remained silent.

"What are you doing sitting here?" Chu Yao stepped on the head of a tall person who had fallen to the ground and casually rubbed it. "Tsk, tsk, inviting you over, the top disciple of Danfeng, was really a waste."

Ye Ze struggled for a while before finally saying these three words, "It's not true."

His voice was despondent, with uncertainty.

Xia Ge watched silently throughout the whole process.

"Not true? You say it's not true, so it's not true?" Chu Yao said lightly, stepping on one person at a time, turning her back to Ye Ze and stepping on three people as she walked slowly in the direction they had come from. "Every piece of trash I've ever met was once so confident, but later..."

Just as she thought the other party hadn't noticed her, the girl with the sword on her back suddenly glanced sideways, her light brown eyes filled with moonlight staring straight ahead, then she sneered and withdrew her gaze. "Time proves that trash is trash."

Xia Ge, who met her gaze, thought to himself, "Didn't she say she didn't care?"

Why did she have to look at him and say, "Trash is trash"?

Suffocating.

The system also seemed to be shocked and remained silent.

Xia Ge squatted on the acacia tree, looking down at Ye Ze leaning against the tree, feeling extremely complicated.

The young man sat quietly for a while, then slowly stood up with the support of the tree, his heavy breathing and gasps from accidentally touching his wound. He walked unsteadily to the three people knocked out by Chu Yao, and kicked them hard!

The sound of fists and feet hitting flesh was deafening, occasionally mixed with the young man's hoarse pain due to aggravating his injury. However, the sound of his fierce fists and feet never stopped.

It was like a wounded and angry beast, only able to retaliate and vent its own helplessness.

Xia Ge listened quietly from the tree, and for some reason, he seemed to suddenly understand Chu Yao's meaning.
—— The only one who can save him is himself.

Only by becoming stronger can he succeed.

She slowly took out the black wooden box, opened it, and the dragon jade with the right corner missing was bathed in the hazy and warm moonlight reflected by the shattered leaves.

【Drip—Restriction lifted!】

Opening the panel again, the skill was now available.

Finally, Xia Ge took a last look at the boy under the tree who was still panting heavily despite being exhausted from training. In the light of the shallow moon, the gleam in his eyes was cold and merciless.

It was somewhat unfamiliar.

He was different from the shy boy she first met, who she had knocked down with a punch.

... But it was not bad.

"You're finally not a coward anymore, Ye Baozi."

Xia Ge went back to get some medicine and climbed back up. By then, the boy was already lying on the ground, seemingly too tired to move. He closed his eyes and said nothing.

Xia Ge smashed the medicine onto his face.

"Hey."

The sudden pain from the medicine being smashed onto his face made Ye Ze "hiss" and open his eyes. He then saw the boy in a linen robe perched on a tree branch above him.

He was stunned for a moment, then blushed and turned his face away without saying a word.

"Did you knock them all down?" Xia Ge tilted her head and said without waiting for him to answer, "You're really amazing."

Ye Ze was taken aback for a moment, looking at the three people lying around him. After a long while, he muttered, "...No."

"It was definitely you, I saw it just now." Xia Ge lied with her eyes open, "I just arrived and saw you beating them up. They're all lying there now."

Pausing for a moment, Xia Ge smiled, "At least you're awake."

Ye Ze put his hand on his forehead, tightly pursed his lips, and said nothing.

"Hey, anyway, no matter what the process was like, at least this is the result." Xia Ge said, "Why lie down, get up."
Ye Ze muttered, "I'm not getting up. Shut up. What are you here for? Go back."

It was really embarrassing.

"I just wanted to ask you, can we still go drinking next time?" Xia Ge asked. "You're leaving, and I'll have no drinking buddies left."

Ye Ze didn't say anything.

"I always feel like you won't come down the mountain to drink with me again in the future," Xia Ge paused and joked.

Ye Ze still didn't speak, but Xia Ge felt like he was agreeing.

...Is that really the case?

"What are you afraid of?" Xia Ge suddenly felt a headache. "Are you afraid they'll come to beat me up? Don't be ridiculous, I'm pretty tough too, hey."

The people below were like wooden blocks, silent, making Xia Ge feel like punching someone.

Is it that hard to say something?

"Okay then." Xia Ge sighed. "Let's make a deal. When you can stand on your own and crush these scumbags under your feet, when you're not afraid of anything anymore."

"Come find me for a drink, okay?"

The moon shone like silver.

It took a long time, maybe not that long.

Ye Ze heard his own hoarse voice, "...Then you'll have to wait a long time, maybe... that day won't come."

He finally spoke.

"How could that be?" Xia Ge breathed a sigh of relief, tilted his head, and spoke softly, "You're working so hard, Aze."

Ye Ze was silent for a long time before slowly saying,

"Okay."

Xia Ge smiled, "It's a deal then."

"Mm."
