She felt dizzy and her mind was clouded. Her human soul was polluting her divine soul, but this was her own choice. She did it so that she wouldn't have to carry the burden of being a blessing god for much longer. She did it to become a true calamity god.

A calamity god.

A god who could do no wrong.

The man seemed to smile, but there was no hint of mockery in his expression. "I found in the heavenly archives that there is a calamity god locked up here. After the twilight of the gods, you are the only deity left."

The only deity left...

So what?

"So, you shouldn't stay here anymore. You should go out and see the world," the man said cheerfully, patting her head.

His warm hand made her feel dazed for a moment.

"Do you still have any followers?" The man quickly withdrew his hand and asked her. He paused, feeling like he had asked something strange, and then rephrased his question. "Or...is there anything outside that you care about?"

—No.

There was nothing she cared about or had any attachment to.

As a god who had been locked up for hundreds of years, she suddenly felt embarrassed that she had nothing to show for herself.

She also felt lost and didn't know what to do next.

No, that wasn't entirely true.

She wanted to tell the man that she had thousands upon thousands of followers. She used to have so many followers, but she couldn't say anything.

...That wasn't true.

It was like a child desperately trying to prove how great they were, as if that was the only way to feel proud of themselves.

Even though she couldn't speak the language of humans.

Even though she knew that there was nothing left.

After all, she had been locked up here for so many years that those who once believed in her had long since become stories from a hundred years ago.
In the end, she slowly clenched the hem of her bright red clothes.

When she was the goddess of fortune and misfortune, she liked white clothes.

In the legend of a hundred years ago, there was a white-clad goddess of fortune who brought prosperity to the land, and there was also a white-clad goddess of misfortune who brought chaos to the world.

In the end, the white clothes turned into prisoner's clothes. In the repeated punishments, the white clothes were stained with her hundred years of resentment and tears, turning into a deep red.

Every inch of blood on this clothing was her hatred for the mortal world.

Those who abandon the gods will be abandoned by the gods.

Her malicious thoughts were that one day, she would make humanity pay for forgetting her!

The man didn't see her gloomy eyes, but he understood the restlessness represented by her clenched clothes corner.

She said, "If you don't have it, then I'll just become your follower."

- If you don't have it, then I'll just become your follower.

It was like saying to a child who had lost their candy and was angrily clutching their clothes corner, "If you don't have it, then I'll be your candy."

She was stunned for a moment.

For a moment, all her malicious thoughts disappeared without a trace. In their place was an indescribable feeling.

That feeling was soft and warm, making her somewhat uneasy, yet also filled with inexplicable hope.

She listened to all the words he said, every single one of them, trying hard to listen, yet in her mind, heart, and even blood, it seemed that there was only one sentence -

"I'll become your follower."

She was nervous, but didn't want the man to notice her nervousness. How could a powerful god be nervous because of an extra follower? That was too unbecoming - so she could only try her best to regain her composure and listen to what the man was saying.

She heard her say again, "I can't believe you're so small, yet still such a powerful goddess of misfortune."

"..."

Locked in time for six hundred years, her soul was in chaos, her body had shrunk, and now she looked like a powerless child.

There was no threatening appearance at all.
"That scroll says that you created the plague and cursed children six hundred years ago..."

The person said a lot, all the things she had done as a calamity god.

But her good deeds, the spring water she irrigated for the withered fields, the land she sheltered, the patients she saved, and the blessings she brought to the earth were not mentioned at all.

- A calamity god?

She thought.

Yes, she was a calamity god.

This person knew all the bad things she had done, knew she was a calamity god, yet still said they wanted to be her follower?

She was not a... bad person. Only bad people would believe in calamity gods.

Was it just to comfort her? How could that be possible?

Even if it was for comfort, she did not want this person to believe in her.

"But I don't quite believe it," the person suddenly said, their voice soft, "I am your follower, but I don't believe that you are a calamity god as described in the book."

She was stunned again, and after a while, she muttered to herself, "You... don't believe?"

She seemed to forget her hoarse voice and incomprehensible language, just repeating, "How can you not believe?"

It had been hundreds of years.

Everyone said she was wrong.

So she cursed them, triggered the twilight of the gods, caused all the deities to die tragically, and let tyrants reign and bring chaos to the world. She was a true calamity god.

Therefore, for a long time, no one believed her other identity.

She slowly raised her head to look at her. She wanted to see the person's face clearly. After a long time, her blurry eyes, accustomed to the darkness, finally began to focus.

What came into view was a pair of wooden clogs revealing round and plump toes, a girl with black hair lazily tied up, and a pair of eyes as bright as stars staring at her.
She smiled, the curve of her lips seeming to embody all the sunshine and tenderness in the world.

...It was a particularly beautiful smile.

"I heard you're still a lucky god," the girl said. "Mischievous gods do bad things, but lucky gods can do good things too. Mortal historians always take things out of context, but I'm used to it."

She said she was a lucky god.

But no one believed her.

Not even herself.

"If no one believes you're a lucky god, then be my lucky god," the girl said, seeing the expression on her face. "I'll believe in you."

"I'll teach you how to speak human language, and you can tell me about all the things you've done before."

"If no one remembers, I'll remember for you."

"I'll always remember."

She couldn't really hear what the girl was saying, but she felt like the smile was a bright beam of light shining into the depths of her confused and lonely soul.

Whether she remembered or not didn't matter.

She...just suddenly wanted to stay by this person's side.

She had never met anyone so warm before.

She wanted to hold onto her.

- She also wanted to smile as beautifully and gorgeously as this person.

If becoming a lucky god could make that happen.

"...I haven't been a lucky god for a long time," she said, feeling lost. The pollution of her spirit by the human soul hadn't stopped, and she suddenly felt panicked. She was afraid she wouldn't be able to transform back again. If her spirit was polluted, could she still be this person's lucky god?

She used the language of the gods to find an excuse that the girl wouldn't understand. "I can't do it well, I..."

It was strange, so strange.
Although this person couldn't understand her words, she felt as though she could see into her heart just by looking into her eyes.

She couldn't continue speaking, stuttering for the first time, nodding and agreeing, "I..."

"Don't you have confidence?" Xia Wushuang sat down and propped her chin up, looking at her. She blinked her eyes, "Don't be afraid, even if you mess up, I won't blame you."

"You are my only lucky charm now." She said, "Just think of it as an internship. Tell me your story, and I'll make it into a little booklet for people to read. After graduation, you will become the lucky charm for many people, just like the one on the door."

The system said, "The one on the door is a door god."

"...It's a lucky charm. You will always be a lucky charm." Xia Wushuang ignored the system and said to the shrinking unlucky ghost, "You have to work hard to stick yourself onto the door, understand?"

She nodded and quietly grabbed onto her clothes.

The darkness brought by the ghost dissipated, and her pure and innocent soul seemed to have unknowingly returned to her original self.

...

Su Chan thought.

She was her only lucky charm, always had been.

If she wasn't there, then she would be an unlucky ghost.

She should have been causing trouble and bringing disaster.

It was only because she was the only one who said to her, "I believe in you."

So only she could receive her protection, and...love.

Su Chan slowly touched the bone flute, and her excited soul slowly calmed down.

She put away the map, lowered her eyelashes, and looked down at the people passing below, letting out a soft laugh.

"...Gu Peijiu."

She softly spoke this name, each word enunciated, both charming and cold.

"After a long separation, I should naturally give you a big gift." 

= =
As if to confirm her thoughts, the moment the town spirit transformed into its alluring form of clothing, the heavens and earth shook!!

The entire mountain range trembled, as if something was stirring and wanting to burst out, causing havoc! Strange birds roared, unknown beasts howled, and Xia Ge lightly stepped on the ground, activating her Ghost Shadow technique, and in the next moment, her whole body flew out like an arrow!

This was the first time Xia Ge experienced the feeling of walking on clouds.

But the good times didn't last long.

At first, Xia Ge felt as light as a feather, exhilarated. Her figure flashed and she could jump from one mountain peak to another two kilometers away, almost leaving a trail behind her. But just as she was about to walk towards the periphery...

Her body suddenly couldn't move.

Xia Ge: "???"

In the next moment, with a twist, Xia Ge experienced the saying "happiness leads to sorrow."

She was being carried away by the town spirit!

The direction was unknown, the purpose was unknown, but with every step, they covered ten miles, moving as fast as lightning.

"Hey hey hey... you can't play like this, hey-aren't you my clothes?!"

The cold wind blew on her face, and Xia Ge was stunned, trying to desperately pull off her sleeve, trying to take off the clothes. The result of the person and clothes not cooperating was that she stumbled and staggered all the way, slipping and falling on her face.

"Where are you taking me?! Damn it, how do I take this thing off? Xiao Kui, help me——"

The system, not concerned, said deeply, "The power that doesn't belong to oneself often represents something difficult to control."

Xia Ge was being carried away by the clothes, feeling despair for the first time in her life, suffocating: "So tell me how to take it off?!"

The system: "If the clothes don't want to, you can't take it off."

Pausing, it added a heart-wrenching remark: "After all, it's stronger than you."

"No, aren't you cheating me?! This is a task item! How can it not listen to me?!" Xia Ge: "This is forced trading! I want to complain!!"

The system agreed, but its tone was that of a spectator enjoying the show: "Yes, yes, it's really outrageous, I'm sorry, the complaint channel was closed three years ago, I thought I told you."

Xia Ge: "..." No, it never existed.

Stumbling and falling, Xia Ge was brought to the foot of a mountain by the town spirit. Once they arrived, control of her body was returned to her.
Summer Song, who had fallen several times along the way, looked bewildered and puzzled.

"Where is this? Why did Zhen Hun bring her here?"

She looked around and saw that this was still within the valley, but unlike when she had just come from the River of Time, the ground was covered with delicate little grass instead of being barren and full of rubble. Looking into the distance, the blue sky and green grass were lush and fluffy. The first thing that caught her eye was the towering cliff not far away, which was smooth as if someone had sliced it straight down from the sky with a sharp sword.

The scenery here is quite good.

For some reason, as Summer Song looked at the cliff, she vaguely felt that it was familiar. She carefully examined it for a while and thought for a moment.

This is...

This place is a bit like the location of the mural on the ceiling of Laozu Qinling's tomb...?

Summer Song tried to recall it with difficulty. Three years had passed, and she couldn't remember the contents of the mural very well, but she vaguely remembered a mountain, and a woman who looked like Lianxi Laozu had knelt in front of it, weeping and repenting.

The second mural was of her standing on top of the mountain, playing the flute.

Although she couldn't remember it very well, that mountain seemed to be this one.

For some reason, Summer Song suddenly remembered when Zhen Hun first met her and said that he was a "guide".

Could it be that... the so-called guide was meant to bring her to this mountain where Lianxi Laozu had knelt before?

But what was the significance? It couldn't just be for sightseeing, right? Or did the ancestor want her, as a disciple, to kneel before the mountain again? That would be too bizarre, wouldn't it?

After silently cursing to herself, Summer Song began to look around and found that there were many high mountains protruding from the Eling Mountain Range, but only this one had a smooth cliff.

She couldn't help but start to ponder. Zhen Hun called himself a guide, and earlier he had said that someone was trying to release a million evil spirits from Eling Mountain, and then he brought her to this mountain.

Could there be any connection between all of this?

Summer Song walked towards the cliff while thinking, but after taking a few steps, she felt that something was wrong.

Soft and delicate little grass was under her feet, but in some places ahead, the grass was flattened on the ground with faint traces of being stepped on.

Summer Song's footsteps suddenly stopped, and she stared at the footprint-like marks for a while.

Someone had extraordinary lightness skills, but occasionally, they still needed to touch the ground to gain leverage to jump up, unless their clothes or other magical instruments were good at flying.

This was not a beast's paw print; it was more like a footprint left by something using lightness skills.
- Someone wants to release a million evil spirits from the Evil Spirit Mountain.
- I am your guide.
- Okay, I've found the suspect's trail.
- Xia Ge looked at the steep mountain in front of her. The light in her hand flickered and the sickle returned to her hand. She prepared to be cautious and investigate, but as she grasped the sickle, the cloud pattern on her Town Soul cuff suddenly glowed faintly. In the next moment, dense cloud patterns instantly covered the surface of the sickle!
- Xia Ge's pupils contracted slightly. A powerful feeling that could not be described poured into her soul from the sickle. White cloud patterns arranged mysterious symbols on the pitch-black sickle. A vaguely sharp and terrifying aura emanated from the sickle, and Xia Ge had a feeling that she was not holding a sickle, but a living death god.
- Controlling the life and death of souls, standing at the highest point of life, despising everything... like a god.
- With a light wave, it seemed that she could borrow the power of the gods, split the icy mountains, stir up huge waves, move the stars and change the constellations, and overturn the clouds and rain.
- The system mechanically started to prompt:
- [Town Soul · Same Return: Turn the host's weapon into a part of the clothes, giving it powerful physical and magical attacks while being able to tear apart intangible ghosts.]
- [This part of the power can be fully entrusted to the host.]
- Xia Ge finally understood that this was the power of the Town Soul.
- "Thank you."
- She understood very well that she had not really gained the recognition of the Town Soul. The words the Town Soul had said at the beginning were just "help," and the relationship between her and her senior sister and Tian Zhu Ling was fundamentally different.
- Xia Ge was not sure what the relationship between her senior sister and Tian Zhu Ling was, but she vaguely felt that it was a kind of intimate partner relationship, a kind of telepathy without words.
- The relationship between clothes and humans has always been dominated by the strong, with the weak as vassals.
- Generally speaking, she would not be able to resist the Town Soul, and would naturally be controlled by it. But because they had reached a "help agreement" earlier, they could coexist peacefully.
- In short...the Town Soul's attitude towards her was probably like, "Although I 'can't' control you, I won't let you control me either. When necessary, I can give you some help and I will also protect you from death. As for whether or not I will fight for you with all my strength, that depends on my mood."
- A cold and emotionless agreement.
- "There's really no human touch." Xia Ge silently complained in her heart, still resentful of the Town Soul's default agreement to control her and bring her to this place.
- But the most urgent thing was to see what was going on here.
- And...why didn't the Town Soul stop someone from entering?
Xia Ge couldn't help but curse silently.

It was ridiculous that she was being bullied. How could the defender of the invasion just give up like that?

As soon as the thought came to mind, the light on her sickle flickered, and the cloud pattern on the blade disappeared in an instant, along with the powerful force.

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge: "???"

The system explained sympathetically, "In order to maintain a telepathic connection, once you put on the clothes, it will know your thoughts."

Xia Ge: "..."

What a useless thing. What's the point of having a telepathic connection between plastic sisters? Isn't it better to just work together?

Xia Ge tried to maintain a dignified smile. "Then why can't I know its thoughts?"

The system replied tactfully, "Its thoughts have already been expressed."

Xia Ge looked expressionlessly at the bald black sickle with nothing on it.

Oh, she understood.

So it probably meant -

Since I can only bully you, you might as well go solo. Screw you.

At such a critical moment, she couldn't help but start an internal conflict!

Xia Ge thought of the time when she was forced to come here by Zhen Hun and fell head over heels at a speed of ten li per step. The feeling of exhilaration was no less than jumping off a fourteenth-floor rooftop and landing on her face. It was truly unforgettable.

Zhen Hun was just as much of a pit as the system. Case closed.

Well, it was just drawing a pattern on the sickle. She used to live without anything anyway. Who cares?

Xia Ge pursed her lips, hugged the sickle, and continued to observe the direction of the footprints, then cautiously made her way to the edge of the cliff.

At first, there was nothing on the stone wall, which was extremely smooth. Xia Ge found it strange and used the sickle to knock on it, leaving a few holes in the smooth stone wall.

The system: "... Do you want to leave a 'I was here' mark?"

 
Xia Ge nodded approvingly, "Very clever, it's a good idea."

The system remained silent.

Xia Ge had no intention of leaving her mark here as a tourist. She felt that there must be something peculiar about this stone wall. The footprints of the person she was following were headed in the direction of the wall, and there was no sign of them leaving. He couldn't have just disappeared into thin air for no reason, unless...

Unless there was some mechanism on this steep cliff that she hadn't noticed.

It seemed like her quick thinking had triggered a response.

"Thud."

The sickle seemed to have hit something different, with a dull sound and a subtle sensation.

Xia Ge paused for a moment, and for some reason, had a sense of foreboding.

As it turned out, her premonition was correct.

"Boom!"

A violent explosion erupted with a deafening roar, and the terrifying heat generated a rolling airflow. Without a doubt, Xia Ge was sent flying straight up into the air, tumbling a few times before landing firmly a kilometer away.

Apart from feeling the heat from the explosion for a second, she had no sensation at all. Xia Ge touched her face and saw that her hand was covered in dust. She looked up and saw the complex cloud patterns swirling around her, as if forming a protective circle. The intricate cloud pattern symbols floating around her absorbed all the dangers of the explosion.

This was why she was unharmed even after such a violent explosion.

Xia Ge said, "Thank you."

Of course, the Town Spirit didn't reply.

But Xia Ge could vaguely sense that it seemed a bit pleased.

It was an indescribable feeling, very subtle, with a strange bond connecting two different souls.

Unable to communicate with words, they could communicate with emotions.

Using emotions to communicate, Xia Ge looked expressionless as she mentally compared the arrogant guide she had met before and the now somewhat smug Town Spirit, feeling that something was off.

To confirm whether it was really "a meeting of minds," Xia Ge decided to conduct an experiment.

She brushed off the non-existent dust on her clothes and wiped the dust off her face onto the Town Spirit.
Yes, it's subtle. Apart from her face, her clothes are spotless.

It's as if it's intentional.

She's really stingy with her clothes, using such a petty revenge tactic to make her face dirty. Can't she just not be so cute?

"Thank you so much," Xia Ge said insincerely. "I'm very grateful."

You could feel that "smug" feeling visibly darken at a speed visible to the naked eye.

Rubbing dirt on someone's clothes, the petty Clothing Demon was angry indeed.

Feeling that emotion, Xia Ge silently thought, it really is a case of great minds think alike.

Then quickly pretended to be clueless: "Ah, I forgot I had dirt on my hands!"

System: "......"

They say great minds think alike, but you're acting for the blind to see...

Anyway, the skilled Xia Ge girl stumbled three times on the flat ground on her way back from where she started. Let's not mention that.

Returning to the original spot, the once smooth cliff had been blown out of a big hole by the previous explosion, with dust flying everywhere, revealing a dark corridor inside.

Obviously, the place where it was blown open was a corner of the corridor, not the main entrance.

What Xia Ge had hit with the sickle before was the detonation mechanism, not the door-opening mechanism. The power of that thing was not small. If it weren't for the Town Soul's protection, she might not have survived. After surviving, she might have lost an arm or a leg. That was truly an unknown.

But fortunately, she was blown away, not the mountain. Only a hole was blown open. Thinking about it, this mountain is really sturdy.

As sturdy as she was when she fell on flat ground.

Xia Ge stared at the corridor that had been broken open.

She vaguely felt the excitement of the Town Soul.

... It looks like this is the right place.

Xia Ge tightened her sickle and entered the corridor. But who knew that before she could walk a few steps while crouching, the whole mountain began to shake!

The mountain peak shook violently, and Xia Ge could hardly stand without leaning against the rock wall. At the same time, she clearly felt the Town Soul's originally excited emotion suddenly become anxious!
Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly, what happened?!

She soon found out what had happened.

Wailing.

Painful wailing.

Xia Ge's hand holding the sickle turned pale.

- This was an extremely familiar wailing, which had once made her wish for death.

That was the howl of evil spirits!

Outside!

= =

After Xia Ge was blown up by pressing the wrong mechanism.

The red-clothed puppet in the cliff passage arrived at its destination agilely. At the end of the passage was a circular stone hall, with a huge ancient spiritual gathering array carved on the floor of the hall. In the middle of the hall was a small stone round table with a golden array inscribed on it, and a red symbol that glowed with golden light was quietly rotating on it.

The ancient spiritual gathering array absorbed the rolling aura from the mountains and then poured it into the golden array on the round table. The golden array flickered, and the aura of calming souls spread out. The red symbol rotated, and everything seemed to be stable.

The red-clothed puppet passed through the ancient spiritual gathering array and came to the stone table, reaching out to touch the red symbol.

The dazzling golden light illuminated the puppet's face. On the smooth wooden cheeks of the puppet, it smiled widely, as if it had been scribbled by its owner. The smile was brilliant, but its eyes were shedding tears.

It seemed happy, yet sad, making people wonder whether it was crying tears of joy or tears of sorrow.

The wooden puppet stretched out its wooden knuckles and stopped when its fingertips touched the red spell.

The wooden fingertips could not feel any warmth.

Su Chan, who was sitting on a high mountain peak outside the Evil Spirit Mountain Basin, stopped playing the flute as if he had been electrocuted.

The flute stopped, and the movements of the puppet, which had lost its command, also stopped, like a clockwork doll that had run out of power and could no longer move.

"......"

The sky was blue.
The puppet's fingertips touched something that was once the beating heart of that person, still hot and jumping.

It was the heart of the person that she had cherished and kept close to her own heart.

Su Chan's lips curved into a slight smile, but then flattened out slowly.

But what about the person?

She looked down at the bone flute in her hand.

Bones, lament.

Bones... lament.

Several flame phoenixes circled in the sky, approaching her, but quickly retreated after sensing danger, searching for new targets.

You see, even beasts are smart enough to know not to mess with her.

Why... why provoke her? And then just leave like that? Is it a joke?

In the next moment, one of the flame phoenixes screamed in agony and exploded in mid-air, staining the blue sky with a red mist. Black feathers floated down like a brilliant blood-colored firework in broad daylight.

Su Chan closed her eyes, hiding the last bit of softness and reluctance in her heart. The sound of the flute rang out again, and the tearful eyes of the puppet suddenly changed, tearing apart the red talisman!

"Roar!"

"Wuwuwu..."

"Gaga..."

The blue sky darkened, and the demons that had been released from their seal were like prisoners who had finally seen the light of day after being locked up. They were extremely excited!

They roared, cried, and howled, breaking through the mountains that had imprisoned them and rushing towards the sky, embracing their freedom.

The people below panicked.

"Did you hear that sound?"
"Someone...someone is crying!"

"Who is crying?!"

"..."

Su Chan put away the Bone Mourning, and transformed into a black outfit with Blood Stained Spring and a slight change in the contour of her face, revealing the appearance of Xia Ge!

"Xia Ge" picked up the red "Longing" and the fine red silk swayed in the wind. A hint of ruthless smile appeared in the girl's cat-like eyes.

She slowly tied up her black hair with "Longing", and amidst the roar of ten thousand ghosts, Su Chan muttered, "The show is about to begin."

Are you ready?

In the secluded mountain forest, Gu Peijiu's heart jumped slightly, and a familiar breath spread out. Her footsteps suddenly stopped, and there was no expression on her face, but a hint of uneasiness flashed in her eyes.

"What's wrong, Senior Sister?" Lu Qie asked curiously when she saw Gu Peijiu stop. "Why did you stop? Is there any danger ahead?"

The crying became louder and louder, and Gu Peijiu knew that the evil spirits of Evil Spirit Mountain were starting to show their power.

There were many dangers ahead.

Gu Peijiu stopped, and many disciples following her also stopped, anxiously looking at the backbone of the team, worried about sudden situations ahead.

Gu Peijiu paused for a moment, shook her head, and continued to move forward. "It's nothing."

Maybe it was just an illusion.

Just a moment ago, she felt... the breath of Longing.

But that child had no reason to come here.

No... reason.

She clenched her hand slightly.

Don't come.

Definitely not--

...After all, she was so afraid of ghosts.
"Go ahead and cry."

The whole world seemed to be surrounded by the cries of women, the eerie laughter of men, and the wails of babies, making it deafening and almost as if it was right next to her ear.

Instinctively, Xia Ge covered her ears!

It was as if in an instant, the rules governing everything suddenly shattered, and all the unknown things came rushing out!

"Ah-"

Xia Ge looked up and saw a golden light flashing deep in the corridor!

Without thinking, she covered her ears and ran towards it!

In an instant, she felt as if she had merged with the spirit of the town. Instinctively, she knew that the golden light at the end of the corridor was the key to everything!

"Roar-"

Like the mushrooms and fungus growing on decaying wood, a monstrous head suddenly emerged from the stone wall. His face was covered in blood, his eyes bulging, his sharp fangs slowly emerging from the wall, followed by his neck, shoulders, and pale arms, one by one, slowly emerging from the stone wall!

"Ah!"

At first glance, Xia Ge was shocked and frightened, and the memories of the pain and suffering she had experienced in the past came flooding back. It seemed as if it was going to repeat itself-

It was also because this demon was too ferocious that it stirred up Xia Ge's darkest memories!

Endless suffering, the pain of being pierced by countless arrows, and the cruelty and despair that the demon had experienced in his lifetime, repeated over and over again on her-

Xia Ge's body stiffened, and she instinctively took a small step back with her sickle in hand.

The spirit of the town on her body emitted a faint glow, and a gentle and meticulous aura of peace flowed out, soothing her fear.

Xia Ge's trembling hand slowly calmed down, and she took a deep breath, only to realize that this demon seemed different from the ones she had seen before.

Most of the ghosts she had seen before were incorporeal ghosts, and when they passed through her body, she would experience the pain they had suffered in their lifetime. But this one in front of her-

Could materialize!

The demon was still crawling out of the corridor. Seeing Xia Ge retreat, its bulging eyes turned, and then it grinned, revealing its sharp teeth, forming a somewhat ferocious smile.
With her emotions stabilized by the Soul-Quelling technique, Xia Ge's gaze turned cold as she drew her blade!

But the strike missed!

The demon had emerged completely from the stone wall just in time to dodge the attack. It snarled, its claws tearing towards Xia Ge, who dodged to the side just in time.

They began a graceful dance of combat, with Xia Ge surprised to find that even with the Soul-Quelling technique, she was unable to shake off the demon.

Her eyes suddenly turned into green beast pupils, but she couldn't see the demon's movements with her naked eyes.

In less than half a second, the demon's face was right in front of her.

It had caught up with her speed and frequency, playing with her like a cat with a mouse. It grinned maniacally, its sharp teeth bared.

Instinctively, Xia Ge swung her sickle!

But the black blade had no killing power.

The demon sneered, blocking the blade with its left hand and reaching for Xia Ge's neck with its right.

With a hiss and a howl, Xia Ge tilted her head back, and the demon's claws left three tiny scratches on her neck. Just as its claws were about to penetrate her throat, the black "ordinary blade" suddenly sprouted intricate and mysterious cloud patterns, and a restrained and savage aura exploded upon contact with the demon. The "ordinary blade" instantly transformed into a divine weapon that could destroy everything, with just one strike!

The demon hadn't had time to revel in the pleasure of tearing open Xia Ge's throat with its claws when it was suddenly cut in half by the "ordinary blade"!

The cloud patterns on the black sickle dissipated and then re-formed. The demon, although in excruciating pain, thought it could still pull itself together. It snarled at Xia Ge, but its lower body began to vanish slowly.

But that was all it could do. The demon didn't enjoy its victory for long before it panicked as it realized its lower half was disappearing.
Like weathered dust, and like purified souls, the power dissipated, turning into scattered dots of light, drifting into the cloud patterns on the sickle.

It was a wonderful feeling, the sickle was emitting a slight heat, Xia Ge could feel the cloud patterns breathing, trembling, and very happy.

The demon's power weakened again, while the sickle's power grew stronger.

"Roar--"

It panicked, roaring with unwillingness and fear, its body jumping up and falling down, and finally, it could only weakly face death.

And its power was all devoured by the cloud patterns on the sickle.

Xia Ge's beast pupils gradually returned to their original appearance, and with her detection technique, she also understood why this demon was so powerful.

This was a demon with a lifespan of six hundred years, devouring countless people's flesh and blood, powerful enough to materialize its soul... it was simply... deserving of death.

Xia Ge touched the three thin scratches on her neck and felt a faint pain.

She went to the system store and bought three band-aids to stick on herself. In the meantime, the cloud patterns on the sickle slowly disappeared.

Xia Ge decided to treat the sickle better.

After all, if it weren't for the last moment, she would have died.

Somehow, Xia Ge thought of a sentence it had said before.

—"The weak have no right to speak."

Although it sounded a bit uncomfortable, but...

She touched her neck again and felt that this statement was quite true.

No wonder the sickle looked down on her. In front of demons with hundreds of years of cultivation, her abilities were really not worth mentioning.

However, Xia Ge had not yet caught her breath when several demons emerged from the stone wall and rushed towards her!

Xia Ge sighed, picked up the sickle, and killed her way to the end.

There was nothing good at the end, just a stone circular hall. Three night pearls were placed on the arc-shaped dome, and the circular ground was marked with the traces of a formation. In the middle was a small table with a small golden array map on it, and a bright red talisman was pasted in the middle of the array map—
"No, not a whole sheet, only half of it," she said.

Everything seemed normal except for the half torn red paper talisman on the table and a red cloth puppet lying on the ground next to it.

When Xia Ge saw the torn red paper talisman, now only half of its original size, she felt an emotion similar to the numbness of a soul.

Xia Ge carefully chose her words, "So, the person who wanted to release the evil spirits succeeded?"

Zhen Hun couldn't speak, and even if it could, it probably wouldn't bother to answer Xia Ge's stupid question in its current terrible mood.

Xia Ge walked cautiously over the formation on the ground. The red cloth puppet was obviously a puppet controlled by someone. Zhen Hun could easily sense the breath of a soul and the scent of a human, but without a soul, a puppet controlled by someone could easily deceive its perception.

Xia Ge knew who the culprit was.

It was precisely because she knew that she found it even more unbelievable.

Su Chan.

Su Chan, Su Chan.

Xia Ge repeated this name, feeling for the first time that a person's name could be repeated so many times, filled with resentment and hatred.

So, she did it again, just like when she saw her burning down the book depository in the river of time, releasing the ghosts of Mount Eling, Su Chan really did it.

Xia Ge didn't want to deal with the entanglements of her past life, but she couldn't understand what kind of messed up emotions could make someone drag everyone down like this.

Just now, when she fought against those hundred-year-old evil spirits without Zhen Hun, Xia Ge was sure that she couldn't even withstand a single blow.

If even cultivators were like this, what about ordinary people who had no power at all?

Xia Ge grabbed the red cloth puppet from the ground, pinching its clothes, her fingertips slightly bluish-white.

The red cloth fluttered like a wedding dress. When Xia Ge lifted the puppet, she suddenly saw its face.

Xia Ge was stunned.

The puppet's owner seemed to have drawn it carelessly. The mouth was a big curved smile, but a pair of crying eyes were drawn.

Full of sadness.

Like being electrocuted, Xia Ge let go of the puppet.
Xia Ge didn't know why, but she felt very anxious.

System: "...that face looks strange, crying and laughing at the same time, are you overwhelmed with joy?"

- No, it's not overwhelmed with joy, it's sadness.

Xia Ge didn't know why, but she felt it was sadness.

The tears were everywhere, but she still wanted to smile brightly.

She moved her lips, but in the end, she didn't refute the system's words.

Because she couldn't think of any reason why Su Chan, who successfully released millions of evil spirits, would draw such a sad puppet.

The red puppet fell to the ground with a clatter, turned over, and the clothes inadvertently opened, revealing the half piece of talisman in its hand.

It was then that Xia Ge noticed that the puppet's right hand was pressed against its chest.

And in its right hand, it tightly held the half piece of red talisman, which was stuck to its chest, looking extremely precious.

It looked like it was struggling.

It also looked like a love that was unwavering until death, but now lost and confused.

She stood up suddenly.
◇
