The illusion disappeared. In its place was a misty cloud that seemed to have no beginning or end.

Xia Ge stood still, gazing into the endless sea of clouds in a daze.

Although Chu Yi couldn't see Xia Ge, she could feel the person beneath her. Even though their body was here, their soul seemed to be elsewhere.

She didn't like this feeling.

It was as if this person could leave at any moment, without any attachment.

...It was always like this, wasn't it?

Like the wind, untouchable and ungraspable.

But also so gentle.

"Does the wind feel pain?" Chu Yi wondered. "If the wind feels pain, will it stop for a moment?"

- I like you so much.

- Yet you can abandon me like an old shoe.

Chu Yi didn't know if the wind could feel pain, but she knew that if the wind were to leave, she would feel pain.

Xia Ge was unaware of Chu Yi's thoughts. She stood still, with the illusion gone, her mind returning to the rainy night at the Rain God Temple.

The Rain God Temple.

It was one of the many places she had stayed at during her wanderings after leaving Nanming Village after Dou Dou's death.

At that time, she was burdened with Dou Dou's fate and the promise to live on, living numbly and in pain.

She felt that it didn't matter what she became, as long as she lived well.

She didn't have the ability to become someone else's belief, nor did she want to become anyone's belief.

Xia Wu Yin was just Xia Wu Yin.
Xia Wuyin is a person who is distressed, uneasy, and in pain but trying hard to survive.

Her life is one of wandering in the gloom, being looked down upon and despised by others, struggling to survive by competing with dogs for food, and being bitten all over, feverish, and in pain. She often feels like she is going to die, but she still stubbornly and wretchedly manages to stay alive.

In fact, she doesn't have to live such a painful and exhausting life. Perhaps she could work for others, do some chores, and earn a living. She has arms and legs and is not stupid, so she could live a decent life.

But if she did that, she would have nightmares.

She has to endure a little pain, a little suffering, a little exhaustion, a little wretchedness, and a little misery.

Only then can she forget about the child named Dou Dou who lost his eyes and his life for her.

Why did Dou Dou have to die in so much pain while she could live happily?

Why?!

Will Dou Dou's soul rest in peace?

No, it won't.

-So, she cannot and must not.

She must continue to live.

Every day, every minute, every second.

No matter what, she must endure a little more pain.

She can bear it.

"... Is there a god in this world?"

The rain poured down heavily.

At that time, she was crouching under the eaves of the Rain God Temple, looking at the gathered water flowing down, and somewhat absent-mindedly thinking, "If there isn't, it doesn't matter if it's Marx or Engels..."

The dark clouds were dense, and there was no light for ten miles.

"Please tell me, why is it so tiring to live..."

She can't see the light.
What should one do when the road they chose becomes darker as they walk further?

Xia Ge never knew that one could be so lonely, so helpless.

Who could save her? Who could give her a little hope?

Could the words of the gods help?

In this bleak world, there is no warmth, no direction, only boundless loneliness.

So tired, really tired.

She stumbled into a temple and looked up at the dilapidated, neglected gods.

The forgotten gods, living in a leaky temple, just like her forgotten self.

The sound of rainwater flowed through the holes in the roof, but the rain god still smiled.

Xia Ge wondered, wouldn't the rain god feel sad being forgotten by the world?

The statue of the god only smiled.

Or perhaps, this heavy rain is the tears of the gods?

Xia Ge suddenly didn't understand.

But she didn't have the strength to think anymore. She slowly crawled under the altar, the driest place in the temple.

Rainwater fell on the statue of the god, dripping along with the rhythm of the storm outside, like a lullaby.

That day, she had a dream.

Dou Dou kissed her forehead, with gentle eyes.

"Live well."

Until she woke up from her dream, she saw a table full of offerings, and the merciful eyes of the rain god.

As if it were a gift from the gods.
"Live on...well."

She murmured to herself, then cried loudly at the feet of the Rain God, like a truly aggrieved child.

It was so bitter.

It was so tiring.

But after crying, the sun came out.

A new day had begun.

"...It can't get any worse than this." Xia Ge choked, "It can't get any harder than this."

"I will keep going."

"Xia Wuyin...won't cry anymore."

If Dou Dou gave her a reason to live, then that night at the Rain God Temple gave Xia Ge the courage to continue moving forward in this world.

After a while, Xia Ge finished crying, wiped her tears, swallowed some saliva, and took a break.

"Stealing without asking is thievery." Xia Ge coughed twice, her eyes red, trying to make a serious appearance of worshiping the god, "As a little thief with nothing, I am poorer than you."

"Now I have stolen your offerings."

"They are mine now."

She reached out and took three steamed buns, then bowed again, "Okay, now besides these three steamed buns, everything else is the offering from me, the little thief."

Borrowing flowers to offer to Buddha was a matter of course, but it was also shameless.

Xia Ge left the Rain God Temple, took a bite of the steamed bun, and it was sweet and soft.

After the rain, the trees and flowers were fresh and several unknown pink flowers were blooming brilliantly after the rain.

Xia Ge paused, picked three of them, and then returned to the temple, placing them on the plate of steamed buns that she had taken.
The steamed buns were arranged in a tower shape with six buns, and she took three of them. She placed three flowers on the side of the tower, which looked beautiful with the white buns and the pink flowers that were dewy and vibrant.

The rain god above had a benevolent expression, wearing a raincoat and a hat. He smiled faintly as he looked down.

"Thank you," Xia Ge said, bowing low. "As a small offering, let me give you a table of tribute."

"Xia Wuyin is poor, so I'll just accept three flowers from you," the god replied.

"Thank you," Xia Ge said, at least letting her know that there was still hope in the future.

She could still hear Doudou's murmuring in her dreams: "Live well."

Living was easy, but living well was difficult. However, if it was Doudou who said it, she would try her best. She would try to forget the pain and find hope.

Xia Ge raised her head, put her hands together, and closed her eyes. "You are not a forgotten god."

At least, I will always remember you.

When she left the temple of the rain god, the scenery was beautiful, with clear skies and a bright moon. Xia Ge murmured, "Doudou..."

Even though it was a bit late, if you were still alive...

Xia Ge spoke softly.
"I will be your eyes."

Come, see this world clearly.

Xia Ge began another aimless wandering. Life remained the same - begging, fighting for food, and still in a sorry state.

But there was hope in her heart.

And a glimmer in her eyes.

The days of wandering were tough. Xia Ge passed through a bustling town and begged for a steamed bun. Food was hard to come by, and her stomach was growling. She had no intention of being sentimental and was planning to quickly eat the bun and be done with it.

But she couldn't take a bite.

She sat in a small alley, staring blankly at the steamed bun.

A snow-white bun with eight folds.

...And bloodstains.

And beans.

It was hard to swallow.

Lost in thought, she suddenly felt her hand empty. A dark shadow passed by, and by the time Xia Ge came back to her senses, the steamed bun in her hand had disappeared like a mirage.

Her palm was empty.

This situation... was commonly known as being robbed.

"?! "

Her grumbling stomach reminded her to eat, but the thief who stole her bun had already disappeared.

Although the bun was hard to swallow, it didn't mean that it should be stolen!

"You stop right there!"
The little thief didn't run far, and Xia Ge chased after him.

The bustling town suddenly had two figures chasing each other. Xia Ge wasn't running fast, her body weakened from not eating properly, and in the blink of an eye, the little thief disappeared.

Although she didn't catch up, Xia Ge had sharp eyes and saw that he was wearing dirty black clothes, about 1.56 meters tall, and his face was a bit unclear...

"Damn it."

Xia Ge took a breath, wiped off her sweat, looked around, and found that she had turned into a strange alley.

But...anywhere she went was unfamiliar to her.

If she had gotten the buns, she would have eaten them. There was no need to be sentimental.

Now that the buns were stolen, there was no room for sentimentality.

Xia Ge squatted down, feeling a bit depressed for a while. After a while, she felt that she couldn't just sit and wait to die. She stood up, leaned against the wall, and with a glimmer of hope that she might find the little thief, she followed the path the thief had taken earlier. She turned a corner and saw a little boy squatting on the ground, wearing dirty black clothes, holding buns and staring blankly.

What the f*ck?!

God of Rain, the heavens have eyes!

Xia Ge widened her eyes, rushed towards the boy, and punched him in the face.

"Hey! Shameless! Give me back my buns!!"

"Bang!"

Young Master Ye Ze, who had learned to beg like an old beggar and sold a smile to get a bun, was punched in the face as soon as he looked up. Before he could even react, his buns were gone.

The little beggar on the other side, who couldn't tell if they were male or female, didn't stop after punching him. They held the buns in one hand and grabbed his collar with the other, looking fierce. "You little thief, how dare you steal my buns? Today, I'll teach you how to be a person!"

Who stole your buns?!

- You f*cking stole my buns, and you want to teach me how to be a person?!

Even the mud Buddha gets angry. Although Young Master Ye Ze had been wandering for a long time and hungry all day, he had never seen such a shameless person before. He suddenly felt a surge of anger. "Who the hell are you?! Give me back my buns!" Xia Ge had her buns stolen and was already angry. She had wanted to hit someone for a long time. She sneered, "Yours? Do you still have the face to say it's yours? It's mine!! Eight folds on the buns! I counted them clearly. Okay, you say it's yours, does it respond?!" 

Young Master Ye Ze exploded, "Eight folds on the buns are yours?! Are all the buns with eight folds in the world yours?! Even if you call it, it won't respond!"
Xia Ge took a decisive bite of the steamed bun, holding it with a missing piece and feeling proud of himself. Shamelessly, he said, "Now it's proven!"

He wanted to anger the owner of the bun.

Ye Ze watched his hard work ruined by this little brat and his eyes turned red. He punched him without hesitation, "You bastard!"

Xia Ge laughed in anger.

He dared to snatch the bun and still had the nerve to hit someone?!

Even if Ye Ze didn't want the bun anymore, he still had to teach this kid a lesson!
