"Open and aboveboard? Haha!" Chang Ren laughed at Chu Yi's back, his eyes full of ridicule. "You really opened my eyes!"

Chu Yi's eyes turned cold, wanting to say something sarcastic in return, but heard Chu Yao retort, "Your narrow-mindedness does need to be expanded!"

Chang Ren snorted coldly and waved his sleeves, saying, "I won't waste any more words!"

At the moment his sleeves waved, the people who had been standing still immediately turned red-eyed and rushed towards the Chu sisters!

The Yin wind called "Soul Sacrifice" continued to dance around Chu Yi, searching for any opportunity to strike!

Meanwhile, Ye Ze was constantly being surrounded and unable to free himself.

Chu Yao stood in front of Chu Yi, her voice slightly low. "Are you afraid?"

Chu Yi sneered, "Who do you think I am?"

"I don't have a sword anymore." The people rushing towards them were behind Chu Yao, holding knives, guns, swords, and halberds. Their eyes were filled with red killing intent, but she didn't care. She just turned to look at Chu Yi, her light brown eyes full of indescribable emotions. "Perhaps I won't pick up a sword again in the future."

Chu Yi said, "What does that have to do with me..."

She didn't finish her sentence, as a huge long knife suddenly appeared from behind Chu Yao and slashed down towards her right arm!

"Drip..."

Chu Yao reached back and grabbed the knife, using her strength to flip the person behind her onto the ground. She then kicked them hard in the chest, causing the wound that had just scabbed over to suddenly split open. Blood flowed down her right arm, staining the cold white back of the knife held in her snow-white hand. She looked at Chu Yi and slowly let go of the knife, which fell to the ground with a loud clatter.

Chu Yi moved her lips, unable to deny what had just happened.

In that split second just now, she wanted to say, "Be careful."

"It has nothing to do with you." Chu Yao calmly pressed down the attackers using the same method, her movements clean and efficient. Apart from the fact that her wound kept bleeding, it was a sight to behold. She said, "I just want to say...even if I don't have a sword, I can still protect you."

When Chu Yao said this, she didn't look at Chu Yi.

"So, even if I don't have my Butterfly Soul, you don't have to be afraid."

Butterfly Soul was her garment spirit.

Unlike other garment spirits, Butterfly Soul was incomplete. It didn't even have a specific form, only a fragmented body made up of countless butterfly souls. Therefore, it could attach itself to any sleeve of any garment.
It is just like her.

Both are incomplete.

As long as there is something to hold onto, they will tightly grasp onto it.

But just now, she self-destructed using butterfly souls.

Pausing for a moment, Chu Yao kicked away a man who pounced on her from behind Chu Yi. As she brushed past Chu Yi's ear, she whispered, "Of course. It was my own idea."

"Wishful thinking has nothing to do with you."

A voice whispered past their ears.

Chu Yi suddenly remembered that hot summer day.

She crouched in the corner, covering her eyes.

Because the people in her mother's courtyard didn't like her eyes, occasionally she would cover them up, imagining that it would make her less annoying.

"What are you doing crouching here? Growing mushrooms?"

She heard a girl's voice.

She didn't speak.

"...How strange." The girl muttered, "I feel like I've seen you somewhere...crouching here..."

"You can't see me?"

"Tsk, if I can't see you, I can at least hear you, right?"

"...Are you blind, deaf, and mute?"

Chu Yi moved.

The girl suddenly realized, "Oh, so you're not deaf."

She laughed, "It's good that you can hear."

At that time, she had just been scolded and beaten by her mother, feeling gloomy and didn't want to pay attention to anyone.
The girl didn't stay for long and was soon respectfully called away by someone. 

Then at some point, wind chimes appeared on the eaves. 

When the wind blew, they always sounded beautiful. 

"...Those were hung up..." 

"Hateful chimes..." 

"...Shh...that child is being favored..." 

Later on...no, actually it was known early on. 

It was her half-sister. 

With just a few words, she could make the mother who loved peace hang wind chimes on the eaves. 

She was someone who was clearly of lower status than her, but could always live a more noble life than her. 

◇
