Xia Ge hesitated for two seconds between working like a slave under the beautiful senior sister and continuing to copy alchemy texts in the "Reflection Pavilion".

Xia Ge: "Then, what about Liuli Wood..."

Gu Peijiu asked, "Since you don't need to take the exam, why do you want Liuli Wood?"

Why wouldn't you want Liuli Wood just because you're not taking the exam?

It's worth a lot of money!

Gu Peijiu obviously didn't know which word she had stepped on to hurt this kid. As soon as she spoke, she saw his eyes widen immediately. "Why aren't you taking the exam?! Who isn't taking the exam?! How can you not take the exam?! Isn't it obvious that I'm using my beauty to get in through the back door? As an upright and honest person, how can I let people see me like that?!"

"Besides, Liuli Wood is not just money?!"

Gu Peijiu: "..." Isn't that the point?

Xia Ge seemed to not know how to write the words "thick-skinned". "Senior sister, you also said that without trust, there can be no success among the disciples of Dan Peak. Can you tell me the truth... Are you coveting my beauty?"

Gu Peijiu was speechless for a long time. She rarely looked at the self-proclaimed beautiful, upright and honest, afraid of being defiled youth in front of her seriously.

His black hair was draped down like all the disciples of Dan Peak. However, Dan Peak disciples always used red as their symbol and wore plain red clothes to show their identity. Even the outer disciples who could only wear hemp clothes would tie a red hairband at the end of their hair to show their identity. However, it was unclear if this person was going his own way or if he was just being himself...

Other people's hairbands were red, but this person's was green.

Because it was tied at the end of the hair, two strands of hair lazily hung down on both sides of his face. He wore a standard coarse hemp outer disciple robe, but had a dragon-shaped jade pendant hanging from his waist like a handsome young man. However, the right corner of the dragon-shaped jade pendant seemed to have been gnawed off and was missing. What was originally the only thing that could be praised had become indescribable because of the missing half of the corner.

Others would look like a handsome young man just by wearing a beautiful dragon jade pendant, but this person's dragon pendant looked like it was picked up from the ground. It was a pitiful imitation.

The only thing that could be considered good was his delicate and pretty face, but it was a face that would be lost in a crowd.

His eyes were a bit like a cat's. When he opened them wide, they had a pitiful look. At first glance, there was nothing special about him, but when he narrowed his eyes, a few traces of cunning, cat-like slyness would appear.

Xia Ge felt uncomfortable being scrutinized by her. She hummed a few times and emphasized, "Anyway, I'm not the kind of person who uses beauty to get in through the back door!"

After thinking for a while, Gu Peijiu gave an honest answer.

"Master Xia, to be honest, I haven't seen any beauty in you."

In order to show that she was treating him as a man, not as a disciple or a child, Gu Peijiu even used an honorific title.

She thought that once she said this, this young man would be slightly discouraged. Thinking of this, Gu Peijiu felt a little uneasy and even began to think of some comforting words in her heart.
As a result, she underestimated the shamelessness of the other party.

Xia Ge looked pained: "Senior Sister, I know I'm good-looking, and you said it too. Danfeng's disciples cannot succeed without trust. Why deceive yourself and tell such lies?"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

For some reason, Gu Peijiu always felt that this kid was mocking Danfeng's "cannot succeed without trust" between the lines.

What a sly little brat.

She took out a piece of glass wood from her sleeve and threw it onto the remaining pear wood table next to Xia Ge. "I never lie."

Xia Ge's eyes suddenly brightened. Gu Peijiu looked over and for some reason, felt that this kid's sparkling eyes had "poverty" written in his left eye and "wealth" in his right eye.

"If you insist on taking the exam for Danfeng, I have no objections, but you must remember," Gu Peijiu said expressionlessly. "You must pass the exam, otherwise..."

In the next second, Xia Ge suddenly felt a strong killing intent surrounding him!

Xia Ge's pupils shrank slightly, and the hand under his robe instinctively clenched, restraining his instinct to fight back.

The girl's voice was cold. "No matter what your purpose is for being at Danfeng, I won't keep you."

"At that time, you only have two choices."

"Get out of Danfeng, or copy Danfeng's rules for the rest of your life."

Realizing that it was just a threat from this senior sister, Xia Ge relaxed a little and coughed. "Why so strict... Senior Sister, you scared me."

Gu Peijiu looked at her with no expression on her face.

Xia Ge casually picked up the glass wood on the table and quickly pinched herself under the cover of her wide sleeves. Her eyes were slightly red, and her voice was aggrieved. "What purpose could I have... I also really want to get in. Ye Ze, who came with me, has already entered. I also really want to wear the Danfeng uniform and call him senior brother... But I'm poor, and I really don't have any talent for alchemy..."

[Ding! Obtained the glass wood from the back mountain!]

Pretending to be pitiful and hearing the system prompt, Xia Ge was particularly pleased in her heart - it seems to be genuine. Senior Sister didn't mind that it was stolen goods and just replaced it with another one. 

Not bad, not bad, it's the real deal, and upgrading is in sight!
"Hmm? Entering Dan Peak? What's the point? Her crappy alchemy skills won't get her in anyway. Besides, she's already got the Liuli Wood from the back mountain, her level has gone up, and as long as she clings onto the male lead's thigh, Senior Brother Ye will provide for her. She doesn't need to beg for anything and can even occasionally have a drink. She can still enjoy the benefits of being an outer disciple of Dan Peak, with monthly salary and benefits. Why bother serving others by entering?"

Even if it's serving a beautiful Senior Sister, it's still not worth it!

Gu Peijiu stared at the teary-eyed little brat and felt like he was up to something again.

Meanwhile, Xia Ge was calculating her future comfortable life, but just as the picture was about to unfold, she heard Gu Peijiu's clear voice.

"It's okay."

Xia Ge lifted her head and met her Senior Sister's black eyes.

Huh? It's okay? Okay for what?

"If you don't know, I can teach you."

"Teach until you know."

Xia Ge: "…"

"…Teach what?"

Xia Ge hesitated for a moment and asked belatedly.

Her beautiful future life seemed to be in danger of dying before it even began.

The girl in the Dan Peak robe stared at her, word by word.

"Alchemy."

Xia Ge: "…"

No...no, Senior Sister, as a Senior Sister of Dan Peak, don't you have a lot of work to do?

Where did she get this idea of not being ambitious?

Xia Ge was stunned!

She tried to use her innate talent to persuade her, "Senior Sister, to be honest, I'm really not talented..."

Gu Peijiu bent down and picked up the clothes and the possessed corpse on the ground that Xia Ge had killed with one blow. She looked at her and implied, "Don't underestimate yourself. Your innate talent is unique and you're the only one who can do it."

 
"Tomorrow at noon, come to the Su Xi stream and I will teach you alchemy," she said, then turned and walked towards the door.

Senior Sister stood with her back to her, and Xia Ge's face stiffened slightly.

Senior Sister... she seemed to have revealed something.

[Xiao Kui, power detection]

Her wide-sleeved robe swept over the scattered wood chips on the table. Xia Ge tilted her head slightly and her gaze swept over Gu Peiju's back, with a hint of red flashing in her deep black eyes.

With her back turned to her... it seemed like an opportunity to kill-

[Ding! Power detection!

Name: Gu Peiju

Identity: Danfeng's top disciple

Age: 16

Total strength estimate: SS

Beauty: SSS

Height: 178

Weapon: Unknown

Specific rank: Unknown

Specific skills: Unknown

Soul detection: ... beep, beep... malfunction... beep...]

Xia Ge: "..."
The system is really a piece of junk! It even malfunctions when detecting the opponent's data. How embarrassing!

[Ding! Soul inspection failed. The following is the known data comparison result. Host, please pay attention!]

{...Wait, don't show me the comparison result!}

[Host:

Age: 13

Level: 10

Rank: Puppet Apprentice

Overall strength estimate: E

Beauty (currently): None (ugly)

Height: 156

Skills: {Ghost Shadow}, {Soul Snatching}, {One-Hit Kill}

Weapon: None

Other data of the opponent is missing and cannot be compared!]

The system is very considerate. The data chart is in green and is beside Gu Peijiu. The appalling comparison is on the same chart, making it impossible to ignore.

But what really hurts Xia Ge's feelings is that all the other words are in green. Only the beauty and strength columns are in red and bold.

In terms of strength, there is a cruel comparison between her E and the opponent's double S. In terms of beauty, her "none" is overwhelmingly crushed by the opponent's 3S.

Xia Ge: "..."

Junk system! Junk system!!

It's okay to have "none" after beauty, but what kind of junk is that ugly in parentheses?!

Am I ugly?! Am I?!
[Ding! System reminder: Host, stay grounded and don't act impulsively. Be mindful of your limits in the vast expanse of the universe.]

Though she felt that comparing oneself to others only leads to frustration, Xia Ge quickly assessed her own abilities and those of the senior sister in front of her, who was holding a seductive piece of clothing. She also considered the possibility of a fatal strike and the consequences that would follow.

Undoubtedly, this senior sister who had dropped from the sky was beginning to suspect her.

It didn't matter what she was being suspected of, but the fact was that she was being watched. And if she were to be discovered practicing the puppet technique that the system had instructed her in, the risk of being caught would be multiplied many times over. Practicing puppetry was an absolute taboo in this land of wind and moon!

This senior sister was only sixteen years old and possessed an SS-level strength, as rated by the system. Xia Ge couldn't help but feel helpless and shake her head. She was no match for a genius who was born to be an exceptional youth.

No wonder she had suffered such a crushing defeat in the mountains.

But should she continue to mix in with this talented senior sister and make jokes, step by step advancing like walking on thin ice, or should she take the opportunity to assassinate her and wander the world?

An E-level strength against an SS-level one meant that she had no chance of winning. However, she had a trump card that could be a fatal blow. It was not impossible.

But upon careful consideration, the disadvantages outweighed the advantages...

"Xia Wuyin."

The girl stopped in her tracks, still holding the seductive piece of clothing, and spoke in a clear voice, even though her back was facing Xia Ge.

Xia Ge was slightly taken aback.

"Remember, as a disciple of Danfeng, trustworthiness is important, but...," the moonlight cast a hazy glow on the disheveled surroundings, and the girl turned her head to look at Xia Ge with her beautiful eyes and brows, "I also hope that every disciple can live the way they want to."
