"Drip--"

Thirty times, exactly half a minute!

Xia Ge immediately withdrew her gaze and threw the last material into the furnace, quickly pinching a pill technique in her hand!

The spiritual energy that had been distributed around her body was driven by her movements and then flowed into the pill furnace, gradually merging into the melted pill liquid.

Xia Ge endured the dizziness and nausea, gritting her teeth slightly.

--Don't worry, there won't be any problems!

She had said this to the person on the stage herself.

Therefore, there would be absolutely no problem.

While intending to casually refine the pill to pass, Huo Bai inadvertently saw Xia Ge's actions and was stunned.

--Pill technique?

She was using a pill technique?!

Upon seeing Xia Wu Yin's movements on the stage, Ye Ze was suddenly shocked, "What is that kid doing? The Pigu Pill doesn't need a pill technique!"

Gu Peijiu's black eyes looked at the constantly changing and unpredictable young man holding the pill technique, her face expressionless, only slightly tightening the red ling under her sleeve.

The pill technique could attract spiritual energy from the heavens and earth. Once successful, the pill that came out of the furnace would definitely be a first-class quality pill. However, if it failed--

Gu Peijiu's expression became heavy, her lips slightly pursed.

The things in front of her began to blur, so Xia Ge simply closed her eyes. The pill technique in her hand changed rapidly. For some reason, when the spiritual energy was attracted by the pill technique and began to arrange itself, the three formations that Xia Ge had memorized in the Old Ancestor's Tomb began to wander in her mind.

Although the pill technique and the formation had different forms, their essence was to manipulate the spiritual energy in the air and arrange it into a pattern to gather or disperse it.

And the formation in the Old Ancestor's Tomb seemed to be somewhat similar to this gathering spirit pill technique...?

Huo Bai felt that the smell of blood in the air was becoming stronger. Even Mao Qing, who was focused on refining pills, felt that something was wrong. She wrinkled her nose and focused on the fire in the furnace, unable to help asking the person next to her, "Huo Bai, have you smelled a strange smell... is this furnace made of iron? Is it rusted?"

It wasn't the smell of rust.

It was... the smell of blood.
Huò Bái looked at the pale young man next to him, who was closing his eyes and quickly pinching the pill formula. His gaze slowly moved down, and the bright red blood had already soaked his black tattered clothes. The young man moved slightly, and the corner of his clothes left a thin bloodstain on the ground.

However, his expression remained focused, with his eyes closed, as if he didn't feel the warm blood flowing out at all.

Huò Bái stared at the young man's face for a while, then slowly withdrew his gaze and said in a flat voice, "Hmm, it seems like the furnace is rusted."

"Really... it's just like a competition furnace, it's terrible," Máo Qíng complained, but didn't say anything else.

The formation in her mind had been wandering, and Xia Gē's head was a little dizzy. Her fingers trembled slightly, and the pill formula she had been reciting subconsciously changed three times in a row along with the formation's changes!

Xia Gē suddenly opened her eyes, her pupils shrinking to a point. She wanted to stop and change her hand gesture, but the movements in her hand were continuous and she couldn't stop. She followed the first formation of the three in the Shěnlíng's formation, and continued to recite the pill formula!

As she followed the formation's changes and recited the first pill formula, the arrangement of spiritual energy suddenly changed slightly with her movements. The consequences of this small difference were huge! The stable spiritual energy that had been entering the furnace suddenly surged and, in an instant, a gust of wind rose up, and the sky above the alchemy training ground suddenly darkened! Xia Gē wanted to stop all of her movements, but it was too late. The wind and clouds changed, and countless spiritual energies rushed towards the pill furnace!

The demonic wind raged, and the spiritual energy suddenly erupted! The pill furnace on the alchemy training ground shook, and Huò Bái, Máo Qíng, and other participants near Xià Wúyīn all began to retreat!

Máo Qíng looked at the young man who remained calm in the center of the storm, her face confused. "What is he doing?! Is he... refining pills?!"

Huò Bái snorted, then waved his hand and poured spiritual energy into the furnace. He slapped the table, and a pill with fine blood streaks appeared in an instant!

The Blood-Red Opening Pill!

However, at this moment, no one paid attention to the genius girl who had refined the high-grade Opening Pill or to Huò Bái, who had refined the Blood-Red Opening Pill. All the spectators were shocked and looked in disbelief at the center of the surging spiritual energy...

Xià Wúyīn!

The participant who had suddenly appeared!

Xiao Qīng instinctively grabbed her sleeve and turned to look at Chǔ Yáo. "Miss, have you seen that black-clothed boy... Miss?"

But when she turned around, Chǔ Yáo was nowhere to be seen. Xiao Qīng was stunned, and when she looked in the direction of the young man, all she saw was a flash of blue passing by under the thick dark clouds!

Yè Zé stared at Xià Wúyīn, and as soon as he sensed that something was wrong, he was about to rush down. However, his shoulder was pressed by someone, as if his acupoint was being pressed, and he was unable to move at all.
"Wait."

Ye Ze only felt a gust of wind pass by him, and when he came back to his senses, two figures, one blue and one red, had already rushed towards the center of the storm!

The girl's voice was cold and indifferent, with a faint echo.

"I will bring him back."

Dan training ground, west side.

The bird with a red beak on his shoulder chirped and chirped, and Baili Qing, wearing a beastly robe, tilted his head slightly and murmured, "It's actually the ancient gathering spirit technique?... Go, Chi Luan."

The next second, a golden light flashed in the eyes of the bird with the red beak, and then it spread its wings and left Baili Qing's shoulder. In the moment it flew out of the platform, its wings expanded and covered the sky, like a phoenix reborn, with overwhelming pressure and sharp claws. A clear chirp echoed through the sky!

With this clear chirp, countless spirit birds came from the three peaks, and Chi Luan sang lightly, moving its wings slightly. The flying spirit birds sang along with the wind, sweeping away the chaotic spiritual energy and absorbing it into their own bodies.

"It's Chi Luan, the great disciple of the beast peak!!"

"Oh my god--"

The viewing platform was full of admiration, but Xiao Qing was still holding onto the platform, her mind blank--

Did the young lady go to save that person?

Xia Wu Yin was already too busy to care about the chaos outside. The pill technique in her hand changed rapidly, and the condensed spiritual energy was violent and overflowing, completely beyond her control, pouring into the furnace, surpassing the limit that the furnace could bear!

This cannot be--

The furnace will definitely explode!

When this thought flashed through her mind, Xia Ge used all her strength to try to stop the pill technique. Once the pill technique that came out of the first formation started, it could not be stopped. Her body was being driven crazy by the surging spiritual energy, forcing her to complete all the steps of the pill technique!

Her numb body was controlled by the arranged spiritual energy, and her body, which had already been anesthetized, was no longer under Xia Ge's control. The pill technique in her hand was changing unpredictably, and the spiritual energy was becoming more and more explosive!

It can't be completed! It must be stopped!

Her body, out of control...

There is a way!

Xia Ge kicked her right foot to the right, her hand movements controlled by the spiritual energy did not stop, but her injured abdomen aimed at the corner of the table and fiercely hit it--
As Huo Bai, who was enduring the storm, saw her movement, his whole body froze.

Is this person suicidal?!

Intense pain!

The pain of forcibly tearing apart the wound deeply penetrated the central brain. The effect of Su Chan's anesthetic was minimal under such suicidal self-harm. Under the stimulation of this intense pain, the movement of her hand was instantly controlled, and Xia Ge reversed the Dan Jue, reversing it back!

Reverse Dan Jue!

Mao Qing widened her eyes, looking at the other person's movements, with a confused expression, "What is Xia Wuyin doing hitting the table?"

However, Huo Bai sensitively perceived the change in spiritual energy. His pupils shrank suddenly, and without thinking, he grabbed Mao Qing's collar and quickly flashed out of the Dan training field!

After a pause, the surging spiritual energy quickly counterattacked towards Xia Ge! Xia Ge felt a buzzing in her head. The intense spiritual backlash caused by the reverse Dan Jue was terrible! The spiritual energy also completely filled the Dan furnace. In the second before the furnace exploded, Gu Peijiu's red ling wrapped around the black-clothed youth, directly pulling him out of the center of the storm and into her arms. Chu Yao was a second slower. "Tsk," she said, and took advantage of the momentum to kick the Dan furnace, which was now filled with spiritual energy, into the air. At this time, the Dan furnace had reached its limit and, with a loud bang, exploded!

In the middle of the Dan training field, the exploding Dan furnace was like a brilliant firework. In the infinite firelight, three golden lights rose to the sky, and the rich aroma of the Dan filled the whole field. Accompanied by the shallow singing and chanting of the Red Luan and the spirits of the birds, the brilliant golden light shot straight into the sky!

"Oh my god-"

"Is that a Profound-level Dan?"

"Three! It's three San Sheng Jin Dan! "

"Such spiritual energy-"

"Who on earth is it?!"

Xiao Qing looked in amazement at the three Dan medicines in mid-air. The Red Luan sang softly, and the birds gathered, accompanied by the rolling aroma of the Dan, the dark clouds dispersed, and the soft spiritual energy brought colorful clouds to spread, like a magnificent and world-renowned masterpiece.

Such Dan medicines were actually refined by an unknown boy.

San Sheng Jin Dan, even Profound-level alchemists could not necessarily refine it.

When the Ling Dan was produced, the world changed.

However, Xia Ge could no longer feel anything outside. The pain in her abdomen and the pain caused by the spiritual backlash made her lose all perception of the outside world. She just felt a faintly fragrant embrace that blocked all restlessness and violence outside.

Making people feel peaceful.

Warm and gentle.
"Who?"

"Did the furnace explode?"

"Failed...maybe."

"No...that's not right."

"This kind of violent spiritual energy...will definitely cause the furnace to explode!"

"Not only will it fail, but people will also be injured! People will die!"

"Die! Because of her death!"

In an instant, the fear of death overwhelmed all the pain of living. Xia Ge grabbed the other person's sleeve, and the intense pain in her body couldn't compare to the fear in her heart. Her hoarse voice trembled with fear, "Please...help...dead--"

Whoever it is, please...save people...it's messed up...I'm sorry.

Don't let anyone die--

Don't let anyone...

Please, whoever it is, please...

As she was buried in pain and about to lose consciousness, the faint scent of sandalwood lingered around her body. Her voice was cold, but had a gentle warmth that made people feel at ease.

"No one will die." The girl's voice was gentle. "Rest."

...Rest.

The inexplicable uneasiness slowly dissipated with the gentle voice. She felt a pill being placed in her mouth, which melted instantly and tasted bitter.

Xia Ge thought dazedly, what is this, medicine? It's so bitter.

Whether in this life or the previous one, she always hated taking medicine.

And rest...what's that?

She wasn't tired at all, just a little bit in pain.
【Ding! Congratulations to the host for refining the Three Lives Divine Pill. The system rewards 30 points and unlocks a branch profession, Alchemist!】

【Congratulations to the host for comprehending the ancient Gathering Spirit Formation! Rewarding 10 points!】
