Xia Ge became a special student of Danfeng amidst cheers, but her special status was a bit different. She had to take care of the daily chores of Danfeng's senior disciples while attending classes like everyone else. After being announced as a special transfer student of Danfeng a few days ago, she moved to the mountain. However, her living quarters were different from those of ordinary disciples. 

After becoming a special student, Xia Ge was always busy with moving, promoted from an outer disciple to an inner disciple, and naturally had to live on the mountain frequently. The house at the foot of the mountain had to be left for the newly arrived outer disciples to live in, like Ye Ze, who bought the house at the foot of the mountain with his own money, saying something about nostalgia, and then foolishly ran up and down the mountain. 

In fact, if she had money, Xia Ge would also like to indulge in nostalgia, having an extra nest is not a bad thing. Moreover, no matter how dangerous the house was, she had lived there for several years. However, after touching her wallet, Xia Ge decisively dispelled her thoughts. 

Sentimentality is something that only rich people can afford. Poor people really can't afford to play with it. Before leaving, Xia Ge filled the small pits and grooves under the bed with soil, where she had hidden silver and materials, and made sure that there were no loopholes. Then, she happily moved to her new place. 

The new house was much more spacious than the dilapidated one, and it came with its own decoration. The soft green curtains were pulled open, and the same pear wood table was placed by the window. The bed was also large, and there was a one-yard-long screen next to it. After changing the sheets on the big bed, Xia Ge excitedly rolled around on it, but didn't fall off even after two rolls. The most surprising thing for her was that there was a large bathtub behind the screen! 

You should know that she used to secretly sneak out to wash herself, and that one time when she heard that there was a waterfall with few people at Jianfeng, she wanted to sneak out and go there, but was chased and beaten up by the fierce Jianfeng girls. That was one of the few times Xia Ge had pushed her limits. It was probably equivalent to a thief sneaking into a sports school to steal things... Although she wasn't caught and beaten as badly, the psychological trauma it caused her was no less than that. 

Who said there were few people there? 

Since then, Xia Ge could only sneak out to wash herself when it was quiet at night. Fortunately, the miserable days were finally coming to an end, and she finally had her own bathtub to wash in! 

How could it not be moving! 

"Ah... it's simply a paradise on earth!" 

Of course, no matter how much of a paradise on earth it was, there were still some unsatisfactory things. After experiencing the feeling of happiness in her new nest, Xia Ge squatted on a tree branch next to her new house, staring at the familiar attic not far from her room, and fell into contemplation. 

Although she was responsible for some of the tasks of the senior sister, which made her a bit different from the ordinary disciples... but her living quarters were too close to that "boudoir" of the beautiful woman, weren't they? Xia Ge looked from afar for a while, and the clusters of colorful flowers in front of the attic were bright and beautiful, but she didn't see the shadow of the beautiful woman.
The senior sister has a lot of things to do, so she won't be here often.

Putting her thoughts away, Xia Ge jumped down from the tree and took out the golden pill she had refined. There were three San Sheng golden pills, two golden pills and one red blood pill. She exchanged one golden pill for ten points and felt a little cheated. She kept the remaining two pills and planned to sell them on the black market for some silver, then buy some materials for puppet making.

"I remember the black market in the Black Rock Cave from the book?" Xia Ge thought for a moment. "I haven't been there yet. Little puppet, do you sell maps?"

The system lazily replied, "A one-time teleportation map costs ten points. If you want a non-teleportation map, you have to go buy it at the foot of the mountain."

Xia Ge: "......"

= =

Lingxi Peak, Discussion Hall.

The white-haired old man was not in the hall, only Gu Peijiu, Baili Qing, and Chang Lan were present.

"Recently, the demonic sect has been acting abnormally. I wonder what they're planning," Baili Qing said.

Chang Lan wore a brand new blue and white scholar's robe with a long jade sword hanging from his waist. He frowned, "The news from the Zhi Sect said that we should pay more attention to the black market, the Hundred Ghosts Cave, the Dream-chasing Tower, and some of their possible strongholds. It seems they're looking for something..."

The black market is full of mixed fish and dragons, and anyone could be selling things there. You never know if your buyer or seller is a human, a ghost, a skeleton, a puppet, or a demon. The Hundred Ghosts Cave is where information is sold, and most of the secrets in this world can be kept from the living, but never from the dead who want to know the information - or ghosts.

The Dream-chasing Tower is simple, it's a brothel. As for the others, it's not important for now, but it's the most popular brothel chain in the Wind and Moon Continent, so it naturally attracts some idle people.

"These places are worth paying attention to," Baili Qing, still wearing his Beast Shirt, paused. "But the Qianhun Sect has been honest for so long, and their recent actions are a bit too much."

"Isn't it because of the demonic sect's young master who woke up a few years ago?" Chang Lan seemed to have a headache. "Before their young master woke up, the Qianhun Sect was always managed by the high priest... I thought that with the high priest imprisoned, the Qianhun Sect would be in chaos without a leader, but I didn't expect a new leader to take over in just a few short years. This recent action is probably because that person wants to do something."

"Still not clear about her background?" Baili Qing frowned.

"Not clear," Chang Lan shook his head. "I only remember that a few years ago, she emerged with a bloody spring and autumn, provoking a Zhi in the north, and then, without spending a single soldier, she overthrew it with her own strength and occupied the place, then announced herself as the leader of the Qianhun Sect. I don't know anything else."

While they were talking, Gu Peijiu looked at the clouds outside the hall and remained silent.

"Is there anything you want to say, junior sister?" Chang Lan paused and asked gently.

Gu Peijiu didn't take her eyes off the clouds in the sky. Her black hair was tied up with a red hairband, her back was straight, and she looked like a painting. "Keep an eye on the high priest," she said.

All of the previous senior disciples went to work in the Zhi Sect, and there were only three of them in the current generation. Among the three, Gu Peijiu had the shortest time in office, and she was already quiet, so when the three of them discussed matters, she rarely spoke.

Chang Lan nodded, "Yes, we should keep an eye on him."
And then she didn't ask anything else.

The previous priests of the Demon Sect were locked up in the Sword Peak Mountain prison. At first, there were waves of people from the Demon Sect trying to rescue them, but with the sect leader guarding the place, no one could break through. After the new leader appeared, the significance of the high priest seemed to diminish, and fewer people came to rescue him. So, although he was unwilling, the former leader was left imprisoned.

"But as you said, we should indeed go to these places more often," said Chang Lan.

"Mm."

Neither of them had any objections. Chang Lan paused and looked at Gu Peijiu. "Junior Sister, go to the black market. The other two places will be handled by me and Bai Li Senior Brother."

Although the black market wasn't a good place either, compared to a haunted cave and a brothel, it was still a better option for a woman.

"Mm."

It didn't matter where she was assigned.

Gu Peijiu looked at the floating clouds in the sky, thinking about the legendary clouds in her dreams and the girl sitting on the female wall, kicking her straw shoes and revealing her round toes.

And Xia Wuyin.

After the simple discussion was over, Gu Peijiu left the meeting hall and looked at her hands.

Upon careful consideration...

The first of her continuous nightmares was born on the first night after meeting Xia Wuyin in the back mountain.

After that, every day and every night was the same.

Only that one time, when he was seriously injured, she held his hand and slept peacefully through the night until morning.

Gu Peijiu closed her eyes, her long eyelashes fluttering slightly as she thought about the words the boy said to her after waking up.

Words that were similar to those of the girl in her dreams.

"Eyes, Wuyin, similar."

And that face, the same as Xia Wuyin's.

Everything in the dream seemed both real and unreal. Perhaps she had been thinking too much lately, and her mind was disturbed, which caused her to have such a ridiculous dream.

She clenched her hand and slowly opened her eyes.
But even though it was a poorly constructed lie that he knew would eventually be exposed, he spoke as if it was a matter of course.

Was he a pawn planted by the demonic cult in Lingxi? No...if he were a pawn, he would have tried every means to enter the inner sect and steal confidential information, but he did the opposite. Moreover, if he were stealing information, he should have gone to the thriving Jianfeng, not the declining Danfeng.

And then there was the matter of going to the back mountain, which was the most suspicious.

What about the rest...

Was it a deception? To gain trust? Or...

And then there was the slender body of the young man, the somewhat ridiculous chest binding, the overly delicate cheeks, and those pitch-black eyes. And the frivolous words he said to the woman in the wine house in the Mo family village.

- Is he promiscuous by nature?

When falsehood becomes truth, truth becomes falsehood. Although the dream was absurd, upon closer examination, everything was full of doubts.

But the mouth full of lies may be a smokescreen, and the promiscuity may be a cover-up. It was all because of the child named Xia Wuyin, who concealed a deeper secret that could not be spoken.

The secret of this child.

Gu Peijiu looked up at the gradually darkening sky, and his black eyes slowly became somewhat profound.

So...

Is it him...or her?
