The mountain wind wasn't strong, but it couldn't be called gentle either. As it was about to take the maple leaf from Gu Peijiu's palm, she gently held onto it.

A maple leaf with nowhere to escape.

Gu Peijiu held onto the leaf and looked at Xia Ge. "What about you?"

Xia Ge scratched her head and finally had an idea. "I'm also observing... no, I'm also observing the mind!"

Gu Peijiu looked at her and asked, "Can you see anything?"

After a while, Xia Ge whispered, "...I can see that my senior sister is good to me."

Gu Peijiu withdrew her gaze and slightly tightened her grip on the maple leaf in her palm. She looked at the turbulent sea of clouds under the rustling mountain wind and said calmly, "Your observation is too superficial."

"There are many people who are good to you."

It was a simple statement, but it seemed to contain something else.

Xia Ge said, "It's different."

Gu Peijiu didn't look at her. "What's different?"

Xia Ge was stumped, but after thinking about it, she felt that she shouldn't be stumped.

But she couldn't say where it was different.

However, she knew that it was different.

Frowning in distress, Xia Ge suddenly came back to her senses and said, "...I don't know where it's different, but... it's just different."

The little girl's distressed face seemed to have relaxed a bit, and her features became even softer. Gu Peijiu had seen her many times before but hadn't paid much attention. Now, looking at her again, she felt that the child dressed in a red maple robe, pretending to be a young boy, had fair cheeks, delicate eyebrows, and clear eyes. She was actually a girl.

Gu Peijiu didn't speak anymore.

Maybe because she didn't respond, Xia Ge suddenly gently tugged on her sleeve. The delicate girl felt that she had spoken in a muddled and perfunctory way, and after thinking hard, she added in a low voice, "If I have to say something... I guess it's because I feel that it's very important."

The mountain wind was howling, the mountain mist was floating, and the mist under the maple tree was a bit cold.
Xia Ge said, "I may not be very good at expressing myself... but."

She looked up at Gu Peiju, who was looking at the clouds, and gently hugged her arm.

Through the layers of fabric, she could vaguely feel the warmth of the girl's embrace on her skin. Gu Peiju's heart trembled suddenly, as if a warm light had melted away the darkness and coldness that had been overflowing from the bottom of her heart.

In that moment of warmth, Gu Peiju had a thought -

If it was for this person.

Perhaps, she would be willing to do anything.

Xia Ge continued softly, "I don't understand why Senior Sister was angry before, and sometimes I don't know what the right thing to do is."

"...... Senior Sister is right, maybe there are many people who are good to me." Xia Ge hugged Gu Peiju's arm, her face pressed against it, and her arm tightened slightly, as if she wanted to get a little warmth from her. "A person will meet many people in their lifetime."

"Many, many people who are very good to themselves, or not very good to themselves."

As she listened to her, Gu Peiju felt like she was growing up. The little girl's voice was soft and a little hoarse, and she couldn't help but look down. Xia Ge was pressing her face against her arm, and she could only see her black and soft hair, which wasn't tied up high, but lazily tied with a lovesick knot at the end, with the red lovesick reflecting against the black hair, and the red maple leaves all around, making her look very beautiful.

Her serious tone of voice was a bit cute.

Gu Peiju thought.

Xia Ge raised her eyes and found that under Gu Peiju's fair cheeks and thick butterfly-like eyelashes, a pair of black eyes were quietly looking at her.

The two of them looked at each other, gazing into each other's eyes. Suddenly, Xia Ge stumbled in her serious speech.

For a moment, in her muddled mind, a ray of dawn shone through her memories, and the east lit up with a fish-belly white. The girl with white frost on her eyelashes stood under the breaking dawn, with tall sword peaks behind her, looking at her like this.

Looking at her on Chu Yao's back.

As if she had been waiting for her for a long time.

A long time.

What was good or bad didn't seem that important anymore.

"... I remember now," Xia Ge said. "Did Senior Sister wait for me for a long time today?"

"......"
Xia Ge said, "Senior Sister, say something."

Gu Peiju remained silent.

"Senior Sister said she wouldn't lie to me," Xia Ge said confidently. "If Senior Sister answers 'no', then she's lying, so...you won't say anything?"

It didn't seem logical, but Gu Peiju knew it was true.

She had indeed made Xia Ge wait for a long time.

On the one hand, it was because of today's promotion ceremony, and on the other hand...

Gu Peiju closed her eyes.

Xia Ge muttered to herself, "...so you've been waiting for me for a long time."

Gu Peiju neither confirmed nor denied it, and Xia Ge wanted to say something else, but then she heard her suddenly say something unrelated, "Love letter."

Xia Ge was stunned. Love letter?

Wasn't that thing that Mao Qing talked about...a love letter? Was that really fake? Xia Ge subconsciously wanted to explain, "That's..."

Gu Peiju looked at her and suddenly interrupted her, "Clothes."

Forget about the love letter, what was the clothes about? Was her clothes dirty?

Xia Ge looked at her own clothes, wearing the same Danfeng Plain clothes as Senior Sister, and as she sobered up, she thought of what happened this morning and suddenly realized.

It wasn't her clothes...

Senior Sister was talking about the clothes she gave to Chu Yao this morning...?

What happened to that clothes?

Seeing that Xia Ge seemed to be at a loss for words, Gu Peiju said, "The person who likes you, you won't even look at them."

She stared into her eyes.

"What about the person you like?"
Xia Ge was stunned.

The mountain wind was blowing fiercely, causing a few maple leaves to fall. The sea of clouds was churning, making it difficult to find the way back.

"I...I don't have anyone I like," Xia Ge said.

Gu Peijiu stared at her intently.

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly felt that this answer was very important.

"Or maybe...I like too many people, so there's no such thing as liking or not liking," Xia Ge hesitated, "liking can be divided into many kinds..."

"Of course I will like people who are good to me," Xia Ge said. "Chu Shijie saved me, Ye Ze drank with me for many years, Fuzi taught me many things, Mao Qing is my friend. I like them all. I will be sad if I lose any one of them. If any of them go far away, I will send them off properly."

"And also..."

She hugged Gu Peijiu tighter, like a child who had said something wrong. "...If someone likes me like this, then they won't have bad luck."

This was the kind of liking that came from friends, teachers, and partners.

"If Shijie likes me like this, I will also try my best to be good to her."

The warmth of the child was pressed against her body. Under the cold mountain wind, Gu Peijiu felt a little warm.

It was as if a piece of hot blood had been ignited by the child's sincerity.

But...it wasn't like this.

Gu Peijiu thought, it wasn't like this.

Her feelings for this child were clearly not like this.

Doesn't this child understand?

Gu Peijiu paused to think.

- She wouldn't not understand.

"But Shijie wrote a love letter before," Xia Ge said before Gu Peijiu could say anything. "It must not be the kind of liking I just talked about."

She said, "If Shijie's liking is that kind, then I don't have it."
...As expected.

Gu Peijiu looked into Xia Ge's eyes. "Will you never have it?"

"I don't know."

"I haven't met someone I can be with for the rest of my life yet, maybe I never will."

Xia Ge thought of her identity as a puppeteer and frowned with some distress, but soon relaxed.

It's all up to fate.

"But I believe in a saying," Xia Ge smiled. "What is meant to be will be, and what is not meant to be will not be."

Although she sometimes daydreamed, closing her eyes and imagining when a handsome guy riding a colorful cloud would come and marry her, when she opened her eyes and faced reality, daydreams were always just daydreams. She still had to think about where to get food for the next day.

Perhaps...she had liked someone before.

Xia Ge thought of Dou Dou, her heart skipped a beat, and then she thought of the "Dou Dou" in the White Dream Cave.

Were all the things in the White Dream Cave just a dream?

Or was Dou Dou she met before just a dream?

Xia Ge couldn't tell, so she could only try to keep herself simple and not think too much.

Whether it was a dream or not was not important, what was important was...

People live in the present.

"So why did Senior Sister get angry before?" Xia Ge asked. "I...don't understand."

"You took my mask," Gu Peijiu said.

Xia Ge was stunned.

A cloud covered the sun, and the mountain wind seemed to turn cold.

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly felt that Gu Peijiu's eyes were very dark.

That deep, intense darkness.
Gu Peijiu leaned forward and wrapped her left arm around the little girl's right arm, resting her chin on her shoulder. After a moment, her long eyelashes trembled slightly as she whispered, "I'm afraid... that you'll lose my fox."

Her senior sister's embrace was warm, like the winter sun on her skin. It took Xia Ge a moment to realize that her senior sister was talking about the fox mask she had received from the black market.

Those deep black eyes lingered in her heart.

But it seemed like it wasn't just about the mask.

"...It won't get lost," Xia Ge said. "It's been with me the whole time."

The clouds were still blocking the sun.

Xia Ge tilted her head slightly, her gaze piercing through the fog to look at the sky, now darkened by the clouds.

Gu Peijiu's embrace was warm.

"Senior sister doesn't say much, and I don't really understand anything," Xia Ge continued. "I always make you angry."

"But, senior sister, I'm still young," she pouted and said in a small voice. "You always have to forgive me."

Gu Peijiu fell silent for a moment, then slowly tightened her arms around the soft child in her embrace.

Gu Peijiu heard herself say, "Mm, okay."

- If you love someone, sometimes you have to forgive them.

After a pause, Gu Peijiu leaned in close to the girl's ear and whispered, "You're important too."

- You're important too.

The gentle scent of sandalwood lingered in her nose, and for a moment, Xia Ge suddenly understood.

...She understood why her senior sister had been angry when she went to see Chu Yao.

It was because her senior sister had said... that she was important.

"I think I understand now," she said. "...If senior sister finds someone else she likes and doesn't like me anymore, I'll be a little sad too."

It wasn't because she was afraid of losing the mask or the fox.
Just afraid of losing the heart of someone important who likes her.

Xia Ge whispered, "So, before I meet the person I like, or before I grow up, I will stay by Senior Sister's side."

"I... won't let Senior Sister wait for me for so long again."

The clouds in the sky slowly drifted, the sun that was blocked came out again, and there were faint rays of sunshine that penetrated through the thick fog and sprinkled on the earth.

It took a long, long time.

Xia Ge finally heard Gu Peiju respond.

"Um."

The voice was shallow, seemingly happy yet worried.

Xia Ge said, "Um, also..."

"That... the love letter that Mao Qing mentioned."

Gu Peiju held her hand slightly tighter.

Xia Ge's lips curled up into a shallow smile. She broke free from Gu Peiju's embrace and took out a light green letter from her ring.

The words "Do not worry" were elegant and graceful.

Xia Ge smiled a little embarrassedly and said shyly, "Senior Sister, I have only received this one love letter my whole life."
