On the previous night, butterflies danced slowly in the air.

"What are you doing here again, kid?" The guard of the mountain prison held his sword and looked impatiently at the blue-clothed girl in front of him.

Chu Yi smiled. "May I come in?"

The guard laughed, "You can just come in whenever you want? Do you think this is your home?"

Chu Yi asked, "Why can't I come in?"

One of the disciples nearby also laughed, "Little girl, how can you enter without a token? At least you need to show your identity token. Unless you have a backup senior disciple or senior disciple's token, outsiders are not allowed."

"A token?" Chu Yi thought for a moment and took out a light blue token. "Can I use this one?"

The disciple took a look at it, his face slightly changed. He stared at Chu Yi for a while and then returned the token to her. "Of course you can."

"Thank you." Chu Yi put away the token and entered the prison.

Someone nearby asked curiously, "What kind of token is that?"

The guard glanced at him. "It's the token of the Sword Peak Master."

The person gasped, "The Master's token?! How did she get it?"

"Who knows."

Inside the prison, a woman bound by chains hugged a bell, staring blankly at the crescent moon outside the iron window. Tears fell silently from her eyes.

"Why are you crying?" 

After a long time, the woman shifted her gaze from the crescent moon outside the window to the blue-clothed girl outside the fence. The girl had black almond-shaped eyes, silver butterflies fluttering on her sleeves, and a faint smile on her lips, but she exuded an indescribable coldness.

"Why are you sad?" Chu Yi gently tapped the rusty fence with her pure white hand. She squatted down, looking at the woman through the fence with a hint of a smile in her almond eyes. "Why are you crying?"
The woman remained silent, her eyes lifeless and she didn't say a word.

"The former leader of the Demon Cult, the High Priestess, who was once so prominent, is now here, looking like a miserable dog," Chu Yi chuckled. "Really ugly."

Qin Yue moved her lips and spoke after a while, "Who are you?"

"Just a passerby," Chu Yi said.

Just another person who came to watch the show.

Qin Yue didn't say anything more and her eyes slowly returned to their lifeless state, like the bell she was holding.

"I guess you must be thinking that I'm just like many others who came to watch the show," Chu Yi laughed lightly. "If you ignore me because of that, you'll be mistaken."

"Although I'm just a passerby," Chu Yi slowly took out a bell from her sleeve and said, "I'm also a passerby who likes to listen to stories."

Qin Yue's originally lifeless gaze froze when she saw the bell in Chu Yi's hand. Her lips trembled and she crawled to the fence, her broken hands clutching the iron bars. "How... did you get it...?"

Chu Yi sat on the ground, one hand propping up her chin and the other holding the bell, smiling lightly. "So you know it, it seems like I didn't come here for nothing."

Qin Yue held onto the fence tightly, her voice hoarse, "Why did you come to find me?"

"Well, someone asked me to come and ask you if you recognize this bell," Chu Yi said.

The person who asked her to come was naturally Chang Nian.

Chang Nian was very curious about her sister's whereabouts, so she asked her to bring the bell to her and find a way to meet Qin Yue in the mountain prison to ask about her whereabouts. In exchange, Chang Nian would tell Chu Yi about the little puppet that was discovered when Chu Yao was attacked, and her reasonable suspicion about a certain person.

It had been a long time and Chang Nian had not given any orders to search for the little puppet, so Chu Yao must have kept it a secret.

But since her sister didn't want to say anything, there would naturally be someone to speak on her behalf.

And Chang Nian's question was exactly what she wanted to know.

After Chu Yi finished speaking, she paused for a moment before laughing, her eyes calm. "Judging from your reaction, you must recognize it."

Qin Yue's hand holding onto the fence slowly loosened, but her eyes were faintly sinister.

"Since you recognize it, I won't beat around the bush," Chu Yi said. "May I ask where the original owner of this bell is now?"

"She's dead, she's dead!" Qin Yue raved. "She's dead!"
Chu Yi chuckled, "You shattered their illusions with just a sentence, you really don't leave any mercy."

Qin Yue trembled her lips, looking like a madwoman, but did not say another word.

Chu Yi shook the silent bell in her hand and said nonchalantly, "I looked up some information. The bell in my hand is called the 'Asking Immortal Bell', while the one in your hand is called the 'Knocking Demon Bell'."

"When the true owner of the bell opens their spiritual consciousness or ascends to a higher level, the Knocking Demon Bell will respond, while the Asking Immortal Bell is more special and only rings when the owner's state of mind breaks through." Chu Yi smiled faintly, "I heard that your bell rang a few days ago?"

Seeing Qin Yue staring blankly without saying a word, Chu Yi stood up and patted the dirt off her body. "It doesn't matter if you don't speak."

"I will find out eventually."

"Haha... What happens after you find out?" Qin Yue muttered to herself, "Why bother to investigate, why..."

Chu Yi chuckled lightly and turned her head, her eyes icy cold.

"Because someone has to pay for the crime you committed."

The crime committed... Ha.

After Chu Yi left, Qin Yue looked in the direction she left and then at the silver butterfly hidden in the corner not far away. Her eyes turned cold.

In the silent night, she said, "Watching such a joke for so long, is it really that interesting?"

"Why not interesting?"

A girl's voice sounded shallowly, with a lazy smile. The silver butterfly on the wall was shielded by an invisible barrier, blocking everything.

"Everything here is interesting."

Qin Yue raised her eyes and looked at the iron bars. A small, delicate wooden puppet had appeared on the small iron window, wearing a red dress and holding its chin, smiling down.

This was the small puppet made by Su Chan, which had been here for several days.

"I heard that you want to save me?" Qin Yue sneered lightly, her gaze becoming calm, but no longer insane.

In the silent mountain prison, she held the bell in her hand, looked up at the wooden puppet on the iron window, and sighed. The cold moonlight shone, casting a lonely shadow.

"It's better not to waste your effort."

"Why is it a waste of effort?"

The wooden puppet in red clothes had a stiff expression and spoke slowly, "Is it because you think I can't save you, or..."
"Do you not want to come out yourself?"

"These past few years you have been distant and uninvolved, suddenly making such a big move." Qin Yue spoke sarcastically, "I heard that the Grand Master never does anything without a motive. Instead of going out and being used, it's better to stay here and be at peace."

On the back mountain, the wind was clear and the moonlight bright, the trees rustling.

Beside the stunningly beautiful girl in red, Mao Qing was tied up with ropes, and the melancholic young man beside her wore a dismal white garment.

Unexpected events always happen unexpectedly, such as when Mao Qing was bidding farewell to Huo Bai, she never expected to accidentally overhear his conversation with this woman. Before she could even hear clearly, she was kidnapped and taken to the back mountain, helpless and unable to move, her farewell candy scattered on the ground, making her seem a bit ridiculous.

Su Chan glanced at the tied up young girl beside her and smiled slightly, this was an unexpected gain, saving her some effort.

She controlled the puppet and casually said to Qin Yue, "Don't you want to see your daughter?"

Qin Yue's expression did not change, but her heart tightened slightly.

"That child's words just now, they weren't completely unreasonable," Su Chan said leisurely, "There are no impenetrable walls in this world. As long as one has the heart, they can follow the clues and unravel the truth of things."

The little wooden puppet in the mountain prison faithfully transmitted its master's voice, its expression numb, appearing even more eerie in the dark dungeon.

Qin Yue said, "No one will find her."

Although she spoke confidently, Su Chan could easily hear the worry and reluctance in her voice.

"I know you're reluctant about something."

Su Chan leaned down on the back mountain and looked at the frightened young girl below, lightly touching her forehead with her slender and fair fingertips, while using the puppet to say to Qin Yue, "It's good that your daughter is still alive, but she may not remember anything."

"On one hand, you hope that she can forget everything and live like an ordinary person, but on the other hand, you selfishly want her to remember everything."

"People are truly contradictory."

A bright red light shone, and Mao Qing's expression suddenly became painful as she was held down, the white-clad young man beside her's face slightly changed, "Master..."

Su Chan lazily glanced at him, and the white-clad young man suddenly fell silent.

The girl's memories were fleeting, and Su Chan closed her eyes, watching indifferently, while Qin Yue's voice rang in her ears, "What do you want to say?"
In her memory, there was a familiar smile of a young boy who bought a big bag of candy for a girl and casually stole one and put it in his pocket. Su Chan smiled lazily as the voice of the little red puppet on the iron window sounded softly, "I can help you."

"Help me?" Qin Yue paused. "I never thought you could be so kind."

Su Chan replied nonchalantly, "I guess it's because I don't get up early for nothing. You can trust me."

"So, do you have any leads on that child?"

Qin Yue was silent for a moment before whispering to the wooden puppet on the iron window, "...a butterfly."

As Qin Yue reminisced about the past, she didn't notice that the barrier that Su Chan had used to cover Silver Butterfly had quietly dissipated. Chu Yi, who was not far from the mountain prison, suddenly stopped in her tracks, and the fluttering of butterfly wings could be heard clearly.

Was that Qin Yue's voice? Who was the other person talking to her?!

Chu Yi clenched her fists and turned back towards the direction of the mountain prison.

Mao Qing had her memories forcibly extracted, and she was in a daze, with a vacant look in her eyes.

Su Chan squatted down and looked at Mao Qing, who was staring blankly in front of her, with a shallow smile on her lips. "How interesting. What is a butterfly?"

Qin Yue whispered, "The child has a butterfly birthmark on his shoulder."

Su Chan gently touched the girl's forehead with her hand. "I see."

The barrier opened again, and Silver Butterfly suddenly disappeared. Chu Yi's pupils shrank slightly.

Was Silver Butterfly, which she had left in the mountain prison, discovered?

Who was the person talking to Qin Yue?!

Inside the mountain prison.

As Silver Butterfly dissipated, Qin Yue noticed it immediately, and her voice suddenly turned cold. "Why did you do that?"

"Because it's more interesting this way."

"Are you crazy?! That person wants to avenge the Ye family! If she finds out..."

Su Chan chuckled lightly. "Then let her avenge them."
Qin Yue held her breath, her voice becoming strained, "What... do you mean?"

"People only know who is good to them when they are in pain. That child should be the same," Su Chan gently stroked Mao Qing's cheek, following the curve and slowly moving up to the girl's neck. "Isn't that right?"

"Master!" Bai Ren couldn't help but shout again.

"Do you feel sorry for her?" Su Chan tilted her head slightly. "Do you want to save her?"

Bai Ren clenched his fists and after a while, he said with difficulty, "I dare not... Please spare her life."

"What moved you? What made you say that? Or... what gave you the courage?" Su Chan's hand slowly left the girl's neck, she stood up and looked at Bai Ren's pale face, seeming a little confused. "You're not afraid of the punishment for failing the mission, but instead have spare thoughts to worry about others?"

As soon as she finished speaking, a terrifying pressure came crashing down. Bai Ren's body swayed, but he managed to hold on and not kneel down. He trembled and stared at the scattered mint candies on the ground, and the girl kneeling on the ground with a bewildered expression.

"Answer me." Su Chan suddenly became very interested in this question, and even ignored the fact that she was still talking to Qin Yue.

Under the immense pressure, Bai Ren's voice trembled, but he couldn't say a word.

Seeing that he didn't speak, Su Chan followed his gaze and looked over at the scattered mint candies on the ground.

"This?"

Su Chan picked up a candy and after a while, she chuckled, "Oh, it's this."

Bai Ren's lips trembled slightly, but he still didn't speak.

Qin Yue asked, "What do you want to do?"

Su Chan pinched the candy and sighed lightly, "What to do... I said I would help you, why bother about what cat can catch a mouse?"

"I don't believe you," Qin Yue said angrily.

"That's a pity," Su Chan said casually, "but I've already leaked some clues... what can we do?"

Her voice tinged with a hint of laughter, "I'm sure she'll find out a lot soon."

Qin Yue was furious, "You!"

"If you don't believe, then you shouldn't have believed in the first place," Su Chan pinched the candy in her hand. "Believing at first, then not believing because of some things, being inconsistent, those solemn promises, the things you've done, won't you feel sad when you think about it?"

Qin Yue sneered, "That's because someone betrayed someone's trust."
"Betrayal?" Su Chan chewed on the word and found it amusing. "Do you think I'm a trustworthy person?"

Qin Yue remained silent.

Su Chan sighed and dropped the mint candy in her hand. "Since you don't think I'm trustworthy, but still trust me, if you get deceived, it only shows that you're gullible. What does that have to do with me?"

Bai Ren stood still, stiff as a board.

She looked down at Mao Qing, whose eyes were empty, and chuckled. "Indeed, smart people have their own ways of being smart, and foolish people have their own ways of being foolish."

"But now, you have no other choice," Su Chan said. "Fortunately, you're still useful, so you can continue to trust me."

Or rather, you have no choice but to trust me.

Qin Yue was silent for a moment. "What do you want me to do?"

Su Chan said nonchalantly, "You're one of the most powerful ritualists in the world, right?"

Qin Yue glanced at the spirit lock that held her captive and after a pause, said, "Yes."

Su Chan said, "So you should be able to find the Evil Spirit Mountain, right?"
