Perhaps it was because her inner secrets were revealed by Xiaga, or maybe she didn't want to be teased, or simply because she didn't like Xiaga. Bairan remained silent and didn't say a word, looking like a gourd with a closed mouth.

No one spoke, and Xiaga looked around a bit bored. Then her eyes lit up and she said, "Hey, your Qianhun Sect is really indestructible."

Even on the wall hidden by the leaves of the trees, one could vaguely see some formations carved on it.

Xiaga didn't recognize those formations, but with her level, she could tell that it was a kind of powerful sealing formation.

So she got up and went forward to examine it, with the enthusiasm of a very professional archaeologist.

She had an instinctive interest in formations.

System: "...Did you find anything, great inventor?"

After being mocked by the system for the topic of "whether the little girl is pure or not", Xiaga didn't bother to respond to it. She just studied the formations under the light of the lantern in the dark.

The traces of this formation looked very new. Judging from its trend, it seemed to be dispersing the power of a certain source and then sealing something with that power.

Could this be the reason why even the teleportation formation within the Qianhun Sect couldn't be used?

"Qianhun Sect is naturally indestructible." Bairan continued Xiaga's words, unable to resist saying, "These formations were ordered to be arranged by the Sect Master not long ago."

"Arranged not long ago?" Xiaga touched the new traces and asked curiously, "Why did they suddenly want to set up this formation? This is a sealing formation, is there any big demon that your Qianhun Sect wants to seal?"

Bairan was speechless. "We in the Qianhun Sect are not...forget it, of course not."

"But this formation is for sealing something." Xiaga pointed out.

"Who knows." Bairan rolled his eyes, then sneered and said, "Since the Sect Master favors you so much, you can ask her in person."

Xiaga: "..." Forget it.

After hearing Su Chan's name, Xiaga put down her hand with some boredom and praised insincerely, "Ah, your Qianhun Sect is really amazing, amazing."

Bairan sneered, "Little priestess, don't flatter yourself."

Xiaga: "..."

Oh, she almost forgot that she was now one of the high-level executives of the demonic sect...no, one of the second-generation demons.

"If outsiders come to attack the demonic sect, what are the chances of taking it down?" Xiaga patted the dust off her hands and asked kindly.
Blade Bai said, "It's impossible."

Xia Ge replied, "Don't say that. You know, besides money falling from the sky, nothing is impossible."

Before, she had disregarded this statement, but now, after experiencing a lot, she deeply understood its meaning.

Blade Bai continued, "… Let's not talk about the wild beasts outside the Qianhun Sect. Even the Wan Gui Formation outside the sect, anyone who tries to trespass will die outside."

"Ah, it sounds really impressive." Xia Ge praised insincerely, "What is the Wan Gui Formation? I haven't seen it."

"Of course, the Sect Leader…" Blade Bai paused, swallowing the words "of course she wouldn't let you see it," and impatiently said, "Why do you talk so much?"

Xia Ge considered how to retort, but before she could say anything, Mao Qing came out of the hall.

She was about to greet Mao Qing when she saw Lady Ye appear behind her, and the greeting she had prepared died in her throat.

"…"

Mao Qing, who knew nothing about their past grievances, was puzzled by Xia Ge's distorted expression and asked, "What's wrong with you?"

Xia Ge said, "I…"

She had been trying to speak for a while, but couldn't find the words. Although she hadn't been the one who had caused the incident in the past, seeing Lady Ye made Xia Ge feel a little guilty.

"I felt familiar with this young lady at first sight," Lady Ye smiled slightly, giving Xia Ge an out, "But sometimes, things from the past are forgotten. Perhaps I have offended the young lady somewhere, and just now… I was a bit rude. Please forgive me."

No, no, no… you didn't offend her.

Xia Ge's lips twitched.

Blade Bai sneered.

Seeing Xia Ge's silence, Lady Ye became puzzled, "But did I scare the young lady just now? Why aren't you speaking?"

"It's nothing, really." Xia Ge waved her hands repeatedly, "I'm fine. The lady is so beautiful and elegant… I just don't know what to say… I should be the one asking for forgiveness."

Lady Ye just smiled.

She was a gentle and beautiful woman.

She was Ye Ze's… mother.
Xia Ge couldn't help but think of the words Ye Ze said to her at the Yangxin Palace, and looking at this gentle lady, her mood became somewhat complicated. 

The four of them sat together, and Xia Ge introduced herself. To avoid unnecessary explanations due to Ye Madam's presence, Xia Ge introduced herself as Xia Wuyin. 

The night was deep, and the soft light of the lanterns was warm. Mao Qing said, "When I woke up, I was locked up in the dungeon..." and recounted being imprisoned by the demonic cult. 

It turned out that Mao Qing was imprisoned in the dungeon as a half-finished puppet experiment by Su Chan. Later, Bai Ren went to see her and wanted to find a reason to take her out. Coincidentally, Ye Madam survived the experiment and became the only half-human, half-puppet to survive. 

Puppets who survived the experiment had a certain status in the demonic cult. Ye Madam named Mao Qing to take care of her, saving Bai Ren some trouble. 

"When I just woke up...I couldn't remember some things clearly," Ye Madam smiled and said, "but when I saw Miss Mao for the first time, I felt like I knew her." 

Mao Qing was a little embarrassed, "Madam, please don't praise me." 

Bai Ren's mouth slightly curled up. 

The atmosphere was warm and cozy. 

Mao Qing said, "Bai Ren told me that the leader took over my identity, and I can't return to Lingxi Peak...so I've been staying here." 

She paused and said again, "Staying here is also good." 

It was like talking to herself. 

Xia Ge looked at her and couldn't help but think of the girl at Danfeng who said she must become a ground-level alchemist. 

However, in just three years, everything had changed. 

Xia Ge was lost in thought for a while. 

Bai Ren suddenly said, "I will take you out." 

Mao Qing and Xia Ge looked at him. 

Bai Ren turned his face slightly, his voice a bit stubborn, "...I will." 

He added quietly, "When the time comes, you can do whatever you want."
Under the cover of night, Xia Ge noticed that Mao Qing's face was slightly flushed, as if she was feeling embarrassed about something.

Madam Ye chuckled lightly.

Xia Ge thought to herself.

Sometimes, it's always like this.

Lose something, and you'll always gain something else.

But unlike her...it seemed like overnight, she lost everything.

Maybe things will get better in the future.

Mao Qing asked Xia Ge, "Why are you here? I finished my business, but what about you? Why are you still with the Demon Cult? When I first saw you, I thought you were going to take me back."

She spoke with a hint of amusement, and even herself laughed, "You scared me."

For some reason, Xia Ge suddenly didn't want to tell anyone about her defection from the Lingxi Peak. "Um, I'm just here...sightseeing."

Bai Ren looked at her.

Xia Ge looked back at him calmly.

Mao Qing said, "Don't lie to me."

Xia Ge replied half-truthfully, "Ah, people always have their reasons."

Madam Ye, seeing that Xia Ge didn't want to talk about it, comforted her, "The past is like smoke. Once it's gone, don't think too much about it. Forgetting everything might actually be a good thing."

Xia Ge: "..."

Being comforted by Madam Ye...

Xia Ge suddenly felt like she couldn't laugh.

Mao Qing sensitively noticed that Xia Ge's expression was off and asked, "What's wrong? Did Madam Ye say something wrong?"

Xia Ge replied, "It's nothing, but Madam Ye spoke very well. Forgetting everything, not knowing anything, is actually a good thing."

Bai Ren sneered, "That's not necessarily true."
This guy really can't stand not picking on her even once.

Xia Ge resisted the urge to hit someone and changed the subject with a poker face, "I wonder what Su Chan was trying to achieve with this experiment."

Bai Renda said, "The leader has her own considerations for doing this."

Then he glared at her and said, "Don't call the leader's name directly."

Xia Ge pretended not to see it.

If she didn't scold her and let her off the hook, Xia Ge would consider herself very patient. Mao Qing said, "I think it's pretty good. The puppets can turn into evil spirits after ten years, but she... can make those puppets not have to scatter their souls and let the dead come back to life. Isn't that a good thing? If the people who were alive before saw it, how happy would they be?"

"Life and death are predestined, and wealth and honor are in the heavens. Isn't it against the natural order to change fate like this?" Xia Ge said, "Maybe it seems like a good thing now, but who knows what will happen in the future. Just like when Lingxi Patriarch created puppetry, he didn't know that these puppets would turn into evil spirits after ten years..."

As she spoke, she suddenly stopped.

For a moment, it seemed as if she had just remembered something. Many fragments flashed through her mind: the stars in the sky, the melodious sound of a flute, the wailing ghosts and bloody battlefields. In the endless sea of corpses, the white-robed puppet embraced her shoulders and kissed her tear-stained eyelashes.

The hoarse and warm voice whispered in her ear, "I will atone for your great sins."

Amidst the clang of weapons and the collapse of heaven and earth, with corpses strewn all over the ground...

"Don't cry," he said.

In just a moment, it seemed as if she had experienced countless upheavals.

What was this?

Xia Ge was a little confused.

Mao Qing said, "Hey, why are you crying?"

Xia Ge snapped out of it, and a breeze blew by. The warm liquid on her cheeks was slightly cool.

Xia Ge wiped her face and felt a little embarrassed even though she had thick skin. "Sorry."

"You look just like her." Madam Ye handed her a silk handkerchief.
Xia Ge took the handkerchief with a faint scent and said, "Thank you."

Madam Ye smiled slightly and said, "It's nothing. I mean, although I don't cry, whenever I try to remember something I can't recall, and look at myself in the mirror, it's the same expression as yours."

Xia Ge remained silent.

"Have you ever remembered anything from the past?" Xia Ge asked.

"No, I haven't," Madam Ye looked at her, her eyes pure and innocent after all the ups and downs, "But I will try. Even though I know I must have experienced something very despairing, because even thinking about it a little makes me feel like I can't breathe, my limbs are cold, and I even wish to die."

"But if I don't think about it, nothing happened," Madam Ye's voice was quiet, "If I don't think about it, it's like nothing ever happened, and I can live peacefully and happily every day."

Xia Ge looked at her.

"Do you think it's better not to remember?" Madam Ye asked.

"I really want to persuade myself that it is," Xia Ge said.

"But I know. It's all fake," Madam Ye looked at Xia Ge, her pupils black, the light from the lantern shining deep and shallow, "Even though it won't be painful this way, living day by day like this is like a walking corpse. It's never really me."

Xia Ge said, "Does Madam Ye want to know what happened in the past?"

Bai Ren suddenly said, "Think twice about it."

He said, "It's hard to remember, and it's even harder to forget after remembering."

Madam Ye smiled slightly, "I know. That's why I am like this now."

"But sometimes, I wonder...what kind of person was I when I was alive," Madam Ye's voice was soft, "How many years did I live, who did I love, did I have elderly parents, did I have loved ones?"

Xia Ge unconsciously clenched her fists, her heart tightening slightly.

"Where are they now...or maybe I have a child," Madam Ye lightly touched her stomach, "At my age, I probably have a child."

Her eyes were filled with gentle and kind light, "If I have a child, I wonder if that child grew up, and what kind of person they became."

Mao Qing advised her, "Madam Ye, don't think about it. We are here for you."

It was Ye Ze...and in the past, Ye Ze had mentioned unintentionally that he had an unborn younger brother.
Xia Ge suddenly felt extremely uneasy.
