However, mass production is clearly impossible.

So this person is indeed the leader of the demonic cult... Su Chan!

Xia Ge suddenly felt fortunate that she had been paralyzed by poison, otherwise her legs might be trembling right now.

Why didn't she think of it before!! How could she not think of it!! Ah Chan, red clothes, Su Chan, the final boss, wearing fully upgraded divine equipment stained with blood, and wielding a weapon that looks like a flute? What was the name of that flute again? Damn, it's been so long that she can't remember...

Although she had guessed that the other party was definitely not unrelated to the demonic cult, it was too damn lucky to directly encounter the final boss, right?!

"Hmm?"

Su Chan, standing by the glasswood small platform, looked at her, with a slight raise of her delicate eyebrows and fiery red clothes, her demeanor was outstanding.

"..."

However, the black-clothed girl leaning against the wall just looked at her calmly, with an inexplicable light in her black eyes. After a while, she closed her eyes.

"It's nothing."

Her voice was slightly hoarse, faintly revealing a hint of despair.

Su Chan laughed, with a hint of recklessness in the corners of her eyes and brows. "Xia Xia, if you have any questions, you can just ask me. As I said, I can help you three times."

"Then we will be even." Xia Ge immediately said, "I don't like to be at a disadvantage, but I also feel uncomfortable when others are at a disadvantage."

Mainly because you are the boss, the final boss, and stabbing her to detoxify is either a disadvantage or not, let's leave that aside.

"You solved the puppet array, that counts as one time."

"Help me detoxify, that counts as one time."

"The third time, I hope you can send me out before tomorrow's competition."

The black-haired girl let her hair fall over her shoulders, and she opened her eyes. "Is that okay, Su Chan?"

Hmm, speak more sincerely, more sincerely.

- Is that okay, Su Chan?
She called out her name, her voice hoarse, yet it sounded somewhat seductive.

Su Chan's fingertips trembled slightly as she was about to touch the sandalwood box.

This feeling... it's strange.

Clearly, she's just a child.

After a moment, Su Chan heard her own low laughter.

"Okay."

Of course, it's okay.

Just as Xia Ge was about to breathe a sigh of relief, she heard the other person's gentle voice.

"Before that, you have to say something to me."

Xia Ge looked at her in confusion.

"You have to say goodbye to me, Ah Chan."

The girl in red had an inscrutable look in her eyes, and there was a faint sense of danger. Xia Ge didn't know why, but she felt a little creeped out.

What the heck, it's just a farewell... Why say "goodbye," this weirdo? It's better to never see her again, right?

And... Ah Chan? Is that really her nickname? Wasn't she lying before?

Forget it.

Anyway... this person did help.

Xia Ge looked at her for a moment.

"Goodbye, Ah Chan."

Her voice was low, but serious.

As soon as she said that, she saw the fiery red figure standing still, and the pressure around her suddenly dropped. The girl seemed to have thought of something unpleasant and stood still for a long time.
In the air, there was a faint scent of killing intent.

Xia Ge's skin tightened, feeling that something was off. She blinked and looked at Su Chan.

The stunning young girl stood quietly in front of the sandalwood box, seemingly lost in thought, yet also seemingly thinking of nothing. She didn't answer Xia Ge's question.

A long time passed.

"...you should rest," said the red-robed leader without looking at her. Her features were still stunning, and her voice was still pleasant, but there was a hint of something Xia Ge couldn't understand. The faint killing intent dissipated, replaced by a warm aura, and the silent crisis seemed to have been resolved.

Something was wrong. Xia Ge decided to temporarily make peace with the system: {What's wrong with her?}

The system seized the opportunity: {It seems like she's just broken up with someone?}

Xia Ge didn't believe it: {...This kind of beauty looks like she's the one doing the dumping.}

The system tried to flatter her: {Host is right, host is really smart.}

Xia Ge: {...} Just go to the trash can.

The red-robed girl picked up the sandalwood box on the table, her slender, fair fingers contrasting sharply with the black box. Xia Ge thought for a moment and asked, "Did you go to such great lengths just for this?"

The ashes of Lingxi Peak's ancestor? Do you hate her ancestors that much that you have to scatter their ashes?

As a legitimate disciple of Lingxi Peak, shouldn't she try to stop this?

It seemed a bit embarrassing to have her own ancestor's ashes stolen...

"It's... not just for this," said Su Chan with a light laugh, looking at the sandalwood box absentmindedly. She casually reached out to open it.

"W-wait... wait a minute!"

Su Chan's hand paused, and she turned to look at Xia Ge with a smile that was not quite a smile. "Oh?"

Xia Ge: "..."

What should she say? Should she tell her not to defile her ancestor's ashes? Or should she say something else?
... This question is a bit beyond my scope.

Xia Ge held back for a while.

"You... put down my ancestor first!"

Su Chan was slightly startled, then laughed, really laughed this time, with a bright smile in his eyes and eyebrows, "Xia Xia, this is not ashes."

Xia Ge: "..."

Wasn't it ashes that you said before? Damn, you lied again! Grass.

She thought her ancestor had really turned into a box.

If it's not ashes, what is it? Martial arts secrets? Anyway, you must be here to steal something!

Su Chan didn't open the box again, just put it in his sleeve, and then walked in front of Xia Ge with a gentle voice, "Xia Xia, you should rest quickly."

Xia Ge wanted to say something, but suddenly smelled a sweet fragrance, accompanied by the enchanting eyebrows and eyes of the red-clothed girl, as if in a dream.

Her eyes went black and Xia Ge lost consciousness.

It's completely quiet.

Su Chan looked at the quiet sleeping face of the girl for a long time.

I don't know if it's an illusion.

This child's eyes always reminded her of that person.

"You look a lot like her, and you are also her disciple."

Su Chan muttered softly, "So, I shouldn't kill you."

Yes, that's it.

-Goodbye, A Chan.

In that moment just now, she wanted to kill this child.

It's too alike.
——The expression when she said goodbye to that person was so painful to see.

It was also seriously painful.

She let you know that she was really leaving, not a casual farewell, but a serious decision to leave everything behind, alone and without anyone.

Cold and gentle.

The girl in red slowly lowered her body, leaning against the unconscious black-haired girl, her weak and boneless hand gently touching her chin, her gaze slightly blurred.

She slowly spoke of her answer many years ago.

Her voice was warm and gentle.

"Well, goodbye."

"Have a safe journey."

—I'll be waiting for you to come back.

= =

When Xia Ge woke up, the dawn was just breaking and the mountains were surrounded by clouds.

She held her sickle and the talisman in her hand, leaning against a cedar tree, her eyes slightly blank, her mind blank.

This is... out?

She looked at her clothes, her night clothes were already torn to the point of being unrecognizable, at first glance it looked like a rag barely covering her body, although it was very worn out, it was still intact, the belt was neatly tied, the broken parts were covered by the snow-white undergarment, not revealing a bit of skin.

Although disheveled, it was still dignified.

Xia Ge pinched the handle of the sickle, slowly trying to stand up, her body was a bit stiff, and numb, the wound on her abdomen was also not feeling normal...

She shook her head and bit her finger.

Her finger was deeply bitten, but Xia Ge only felt a little pain.

A little pain, but not too much.

It was like maintaining a semi-numb state, able to move, the wound would hurt a little, but not too much.
This is... what's going on?

Using the handle of her sickle to support herself on the ground, Xia Ge slowly stood up. Suddenly, she felt like there was something in her clothes. She paused and took it out.

It was a soft, snow-white silk cloth, dyed with ink and embroidered with dragons. A few small words were written casually, seemingly more free and unrestrained because they were written by a different person.

It was still pretentious, the Classical Chinese that had been outdated for hundreds of years.

As expected of the leader, always pretending to be cool.

Xia Ge stared at it for a while, struggling to translate it. The gist of it was that the paralysis caused by the Black Vine's poison had almost worn off, but the poison from the Wusheng Dagger was too strong. In light of her request to participate in the competition, they gave her a little extra medicine to keep her body in a semi-paralyzed state for half a day. As long as she didn't do anything too reckless, her wounds wouldn't hurt.

So that was it.

After reading it, Xia Ge expressionlessly rolled up the cloth and buried it in a random hole she dug. Then she tried to put her sickle and talisman into her ring.

The system couldn't help but ask, "You're just burying it like that?"

Xia Ge snorted, "This thing is just like its owner, not a good thing."

The system asked, "Why bury it here..."

Mainly because it belonged to the leader of the demonic cult. No matter what it was, if it was accidentally discovered by someone, it would be troublesome.

She had too many things to hide, and she didn't have the energy to hide more.

Xia Ge said, "Fewer people come to the back mountain... and since they like to stroll around the back mountain, let's bury it there. Hmm, love me, love my dog?"

The system said, "... Is that how you use that phrase?"

Flowing Silver was becoming a bit difficult to use. Xia Ge tried three or four times before finally managing to put her sickle and talisman inside.

Her body felt nothing, no pain, and it seemed like she wouldn't feel tired either.

Xia Ge adjusted her clothes and accidentally touched the identity jade pendant at her waist.

For a moment, Xia Ge thought it was the Ghost Dragon Jade that she had lost, but she quickly realized it wasn't.

The shape was wrong. This was an identity jade pendant.
Hmm, identity jade pendant...

Identity jade pendant... Ah.

Something came to mind, and Xia Ge's body stiffened, her expression slightly shifting for a second.

Wait, identity jade pendant...

The system checked the time and whispered to her, "Host... at this time, it seems that the competition has already started the second roll call..."

So why aren't you moving?

Xia Ge sighed, her face showing a sense of world-weariness: "I just suddenly remembered something very important."

System: "???"

Xia Ge's face showed no expression, just touching the identity jade pendant around her waist, her eyes like a salted fish: "I seem to... have forgotten to register."

System: "..."

Xia Ge: "..."
