常蓝沉默了一会儿，然后轻声道：“夏无吟那边我会处理，你先去忙吧。”

弟子点了点头，然后退了出去。

常蓝拿起卷宗，开始查看剑峰的伤亡情况，心中沉重。他知道，这场战斗对于剑峰来说是一个巨大的打击，不仅仅是失去了顾佩玖等人，还有许多弟子受伤，需要治疗和照顾。他必须要尽快想办法解决这个问题。

他抬起头，看向窗外的天空，暗自下定决心，一定要想办法让剑峰度过这个难关。
"I'll come over as soon as I'm done with this."

Chang Lan was busy handling the files and organizing the casualties of Sanfeng. She didn't have time to trouble Xia Ge for the time being. After Xia Ge blew up the furnace three times, she finally picked out a grey pill from the furnace with a dirty face.

Xia Ge: "...Is this a success?"

The master who had been watching for a long time helplessly said, "Baihun Pill is white."

Xia Ge: "..."

The master sighed, "I see that you want to refine a real Xuan-level Baihun Pill with your alchemy steps?"

Mao Qing was still lying there, and the senior sister didn't know when she would come back.

Xia Ge touched her nose, "Of course."

"Then your basic steps are not wrong, and the spiritual energy is also sufficient, but it's a little lacking." The master said, "Not focused enough."

Xia Ge: "...Ah?"

Xia Ge was confused. Was she not focused enough?

The master said, "Maybe you think you are focused, but not enough."

He paused, "You need to integrate your spirit into it. Baihun Pill is a pill that heals the soul, so it needs some soul power to refine the medicinal power in the herbs. A real Xuan-level alchemist will generally have their soul power automatically enter the pill during alchemy. Other Xuan-level pills have their own characteristics, and maybe most of them don't need soul power, but Xuan-level Baihun Pills must have the fusion of spiritual power, medicinal power, and soul power to be refined. Therefore, the category of soul pills can only be refined by alchemists above Xuan-level."

"This is also the biggest difference between ordinary yellow-level alchemists and Xuan-level alchemists." The master took the waste pill in Xia Ge's hand, threw it into the waste basket on the side, and touched his beard. "From what I observed, you should have a Xuan-level alchemy vein, right?"

Xia Ge nodded, "Yes."

When the profession of alchemist was opened, she was automatically given a yellow-level alchemy vein. The proficiency required to upgrade from yellow-level to Xuan-level was only 10, and one alchemy could give 1 proficiency. She had accumulated enough proficiency in alchemy homework in the past few months and had already reached Xuan-level.

The master was surprised to hear Xia Ge admit it, but he remained calm and said, "Prepare the materials and refine it again."

He thought to himself: No wonder this kid is so confident and started refining Xuan-level pills right away.

"Don't think that having a Xuan-level alchemy vein is enough." He looked at Xia Ge and said, "I once flipped through historical records. When there was a method for alchemy vein cultivation, many people with Xuan veins didn't really understand the true essence of alchemy, and couldn't concentrate fully during alchemy. Only when the person and pill merge into one can they stop at the yellow level and have difficulty advancing."

--Becoming an alchemist is not to become someone's goal or courage.

"What is the true essence of being an alchemist?"
Although Xia Ge really wanted to criticize why she had to understand the true meaning of alchemy to refine pills, she respectfully asked the Master, "Do you know?"

The Master was silent for a moment and shook his head. "Everyone's understanding is different. I am not a Profound-level alchemist and cannot explain it. If you want to ask, wait for your senior sister to come back and ask her."

"I'll go see Mao Qing's injury."

The Master finished speaking and went out.

Xia Ge seriously suspected that the Master found an excuse to leave because he felt a little embarrassed. So, everyone has a different understanding, and it needs to be adapted?

However, Xia Ge failed to refine the pill several times.

System: "Can't refine it?"

Outside, the sky had already turned dark. Xia Ge looked at the stove and said, "Ah...probably not."

The system didn't say anything. What the Master said really hit Xia Ge's weakness.

"Why...I think I am already fully focused?" Xia Ge looked at a basket of failed pills and felt extremely frustrated.

The system thought for a moment and tactfully said, "...but you don't really like it."

"What's the point of telling the truth? It really makes people unhappy." Xia Ge said.

The system: "..."

Xia Ge looked at the smoking stove and said, "Compared with formations, I don't really like alchemy. But I have learned everything I should learn and haven't been perfunctory, have I?"

She stood up, patted the dust off her body, and said, "According to what you said, is the true meaning of becoming an alchemist to love alchemy? It's outrageous. Not everyone who gets into Tsinghua University likes to study, right? If you don't like alchemy, you will be excluded from the ranks of Profound-level alchemists. I just can't understand it."

The system said, "You haven't been excluded. In fact, you are already a Profound-level alchemist, but you just can't refine soul pills that require soul power."

Xia Ge said, "...Don't say it like that."

"Maybe you can do things you don't like very well, but you may not do them the best." The system said casually, "There are exceptions, but most of the time, that's how it is."

Xia Ge left the alchemy room feeling upset and couldn't find the true meaning. She went to the other side to see Mao Qing.

Bixi didn't know when she came and was helping the Master. She helped Mao Qing change her dressing, and Mao Qing seemed to be asleep with her eyes closed.
Translation:

Xia Ge walked over to Mao Qing's side and looked at her slightly pale face. She asked in a small voice, "How is she?"

Seeing Xia Ge, Bi Xi nodded and gestured. Master Mo touched his goatee and said, "The wound is a bit infected, and her mind is still a bit confused. We need to be careful."

He then asked Xia Ge, "How is your alchemy going?"

Xia Ge shook her head and said, "Not yet..."

Master Mo looked as though he had expected this and said, "I knew it wouldn't be that simple. The medicine is ready. If you have time, take care of her for a while. I'll go down and take a look."

"Bi Xi, come help."

"Yes."

During this attack by the demonic cult, many disciples of the Dan Peak were injured. Although there were doctors below the mountain, they still needed some medicinal materials from the Dan Peak to make medicine.

Xia Ge sat on a chair next to Mao Qing.

System: "What about the Hundred Soul Pill?"

Xia Ge: "...You're asking me, but I don't know what to do."

"Um..." Mao Qing's face suddenly turned ugly, as if she had had a bad dream. Sweat appeared on her forehead. Xia Ge quickly wrung out a towel from the side and wiped her sweat. Unexpectedly, Mao Qing suddenly grabbed her wrist tightly. The girl, who had been keeping her eyes closed, suddenly opened them wide, and her pitch-black eyes stared at Xia Ge with a chilling and murderous intent.

Xia Ge was shocked by the coldness and killing intent in her eyes, and she subconsciously wanted to pull her hand away. However, her hand was held tightly and did not loosen. Xia Ge was afraid that her movements would hurt Mao Qing's wound, so she sat stiffly in place.

Mao Qing stared at her for a while, and the killing intent gradually dissipated. Her eyes slowly became hazy and confused, and her hand loosened slightly, but she did not let go. She murmured to herself, "Am I...going to die?"

-The Hundred Soul Pill can cause some mental confusion.

So now...is she confused?

Xia Ge was silent for a moment, and then said, "No, you're not."

Mao Qing said, "Oh," and then said in a daze, "You said...I'm not going to die."

"So...I'm not going to die."

Xia Ge: "...Hmm."

After Xia Ge finished speaking, she looked at her wrist, which was still being held tightly.
Mao Qing felt Xia Ge's gaze and slowly let go of her hand. Suddenly, she smiled slightly, looking a bit pale, "That's really... great."

Although her mouth said "that's great" and all her words seemed to be saying "I believe you can do it", her hand slowly sliding down her wrist, pale and trembling slightly, seemed to be saying, "It's not possible, but it's okay."

Xia Ge's heart suddenly jumped when she realized she had no confidence in being able to refine the Hundred Soul Pill within a day. Without hesitation, she reached out and grabbed Mao Qing's slowly loosening wrist.

She heard her own casual voice, "I also think... it's possible, and... it's good."

Mao Qing looked at her, then at her own tightly held wrist. After a while, the smile on her lips widened slightly.

After a while, she whispered, "It's okay if you can't do it."

Xia Ge looked at Mao Qing's face, holding her wrist, and for some reason, she thought of Senior Sister Dan Feng Su Yi quietly reviewing the scroll, the red pen painting a picture, her eyebrows and eyes clear and easy-going, casually saying many, many words to her.

Many, many words.

But only a few words came to her tongue.

"That... Senior Sister said."

"Dan Feng disciples cannot survive without trust." Xia Ge let go of Mao Qing's hand, covered her with a blanket, and said seriously, "So when I say you won't die, I'll work hard to keep my promise."

As Xia Ge spoke, she thought about how to focus all her attention on refining the pill later. She didn't notice the cold light that flashed in Mao Qing's eyes when she mentioned "Senior Sister."

Mao Qing's voice was gentle, "Is that so?"

Xia Ge reassured her with a clear conscience, "Mhm, I never lie."

The system: "..."

As soon as Xia Ge finished speaking, she heard a pleasant male voice.

"I wonder if Dan Feng's Sect Leader Xia Wuyin can come out and meet me?"

Xia Ge replied loudly and decisively, "I'm busy, I won't see you."

After speaking, Mao Qing asked, "Who's outside?"
Xia Ge said, "Hmm, flies."

Mao Qing: "......"

Xia Ge said, "Hey, don't worry about it. If your head hurts, just close your eyes and sleep for a while."

Mao Qing looked at her with unclear meaning in her black eyes. After a while, she obediently nodded and closed her eyes. "Okay."

Xia Ge pretended to tuck them in properly. Despite rarely taking care of her younger brother, she was familiar with this task. After finishing, the system asked, "What about outside?"

Xia Ge said, "Just have it cold."

The disciple next to her heard Xia Ge say "no time" and wanted to rush up and kick the door. He was stopped by Chang Lan, who said gently, "Master Xia, there is no need to panic. I have no ill intentions..."

Xia Ge looked at Mao Qing with closed eyes before slowly coming out of the room. She didn't even spare a glance at Chang Lan and the others in the courtyard. She hugged her shoulders and walked slowly towards the alchemy room.

"Xia Wuyin! You're just a small Danfeng commanding officer. Don't make a big deal out of nothing! You're really too much!!" The disciple next to her remembered that countless injured and poisoned disciples of Jianfeng were because of this kid in front of him. He was instantly filled with anger and wanted to beat him up. However, he was still stopped by Chang Lan.

Chang Lan frowned slightly. He was also unhappy with Xia Ge's attitude of looking down on everyone, especially after the events of the past few days. However, the other party held the Danfeng command, and if he intended to cause trouble, he had the right to withhold the pseudo Xuan-grade Baihun Dan.

Things were already bad enough.

After thinking for a moment, Chang Lan pulled Wei Yu and suppressed his anger. He said, "Xia Wu..."

Xia Ge suddenly said, "Are you the senior disciple of Jianfeng?"

Chang Lan frowned. He was a little hurt that a kid who was still wet behind the ears asked him this question. However, the other party held the command, and if he wanted to "invite people," he had to consider Danfeng's face. The conflict between Danfeng and Jianfeng was already sharpening. If it was spread that the senior disciple of Jianfeng forcibly took away the commanding officer of Danfeng, it would not only sound bad, but he would also face the accusations of the passionate disciples of Danfeng. When the head came out of seclusion, he would probably not spare him.

He patiently said, "Yes."

Xia Ge said, "Oh, so it's you..."

Chang Lan looked at her, waiting for her next words. Who knew that Xia Ge would just sigh and turn around to enter the adjacent alchemy room.

Chang Lan: "......"

The disciple who had cursed at Xia Ge finally couldn't bear it anymore and rushed into the alchemy room. This time, Chang Lan didn't stop him. The disciple rushed in and pointed at Xia Ge's nose and began to curse, "What are you?! Just a magic sect spy who uses a chicken feather as an arrow! If Senior Brother gave you a little bit of trouble, you would be cowed! Don't you feel disgusted with yourself!!"

The young man remained motionless, quietly weighing the herbs, as if he hadn't heard anything. He muttered to himself in a low voice. Chang Lan and the other disciples also entered the alchemy room one after another. Chang Lan said, "Wei Yu, shut up."

The disciple who had cursed at Xia Ge glared at him with hatred, closed his mouth unwillingly.
Chang Lan didn't ask her if she was a spy from the demonic sect, he just asked, "What are you doing?"

Xia Ge didn't speak until she finished organizing the herbs. Just when Chang Lan thought she wouldn't answer, she suddenly spoke, seeming perplexed, "Senior Brother, what do you think is the true essence of an alchemist?"

Wei Yu sneered, "Shouldn't you be asking what the true essence of a puppeteer is?"

Xia Ge ignored him and just looked at Chang Lan.

Chang Lan was silent for a moment, "I am not an alchemist."

Xia Ge responded with an "Oh" and threw the herbs in her hands into the overheated furnace. The herbs sparked in the flames, "Then let me rephrase, what do you think is the true essence of a swordsman?"

Chang Lan didn't want to answer, but under the clear eyes of the young girl, he hesitated for a while before replying, "...to slay demons and exterminate evil."

Xia Ge withdrew her gaze, crossed her legs, propped up her chin, and watched the flames jumping in the furnace with her eyes reflecting the flames. "I see."

A disciple nearby became slightly wary, "What are you doing?"

Wei Yu said, "Senior Brother, is she refining poison?!"

As soon as he said that, everyone stepped back, looking at Xia Ge with disgust and fear. Chang Lan didn't move, and Xia Ge smiled, seeming to find it amusing. She looked at him, "Don't you think I'm refining poison?"

Chang Lan didn't say anything.

Xia Ge took out the command token in her pocket, which was delicately carved with a maple leaf. In the flickering flames, she kissed it lightly, smiled slightly, and closed her eyes.

The air seemed to have a subtle change.

Chang Lan's hand rested on the hilt of his sword, and his eyes showed a hint of sharpness.

"What is she doing?"

"It seems like she's refining pills...?"

"Ridiculous! She's just a spy from the demonic sect. How could she possibly be refining pills? She must be refining poison--"

"..."

Whether it was refining pills or refining poison, the young man in the Dan Feng plain clothes held the Ling Jue tightly in his hand. In the next moment, the furnace was full of spiritual light! His black hair and red hair fluttered in the fierce wind, and his dark pupils reflected the flames jumping in the furnace, and the surging spiritual energy condensed!

Almost instinctively, everyone took a step back!
Under the long refinement of flames and the gathering of surging spiritual energy, the medicinal liquid in the pill furnace slowly melted into two masses, seemingly about to form pills, yet still lacking something. The two masses of snow-white liquid couldn't move any further.

It seemed like they had reached an insurmountable bottleneck.

Xia Ge looked at the two masses of pill liquid in the furnace, feeling slightly worried.

This is it, what should I do?

She lowered her head and glanced at the token in her arms.

That day, the voice of Bi Xi seemed to have sounded again.

-"This is the token that Senior Sister asked me to give you."

-"You must keep it safe and not lose it."

Xia Ge paused for a moment and glanced sideways at the disciple named Wei Yu.

-Stop using chicken feathers as an arrow!

In an instant, her eyes were filled with a cold gaze.

Wei Yu noticed Xia Ge looking at him and suddenly became clever. "What...what are you looking at me for?!"

The same...terrifying gaze as before!

Xia Ge didn't say anything and silently withdrew her gaze.

No one noticed that, in the moment when Xia Ge withdrew her gaze, a transparent and elusive thought began to mix into the surging spiritual energy that was involved in the pill furnace.
