The girl across from her looked at her left hand with a faint gaze.

After a two-second pause, Xia Ge immediately chuckled, "Master Sister can't hide anything from you..."

Her left sleeve moved slightly, revealing the bandaged left hand.

Gu Peijiu looked for two seconds before averting her gaze. "So, you're not going?"

"Mhm, it's because of this."

The other party gave her an out, and Xia Ge readily accepted it.

But...

"In truth, this is only one aspect of the reason."

Gu Peijiu raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"

Xia Ge sighed deeply. "Master Sister, to be honest, I had to sell all my possessions to treat my injury."

Gu Peijiu's voice was calm. "Triple salary isn't enough to treat a hand injury?"

Xia Ge covered her heart with her right hand, looking delicate like Xi Shi. "Master Sister, this hand injury can be healed, but the heart injury is hard to cure!"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

System: "..." Your heart injury is bullshit.

In silence, a girl in a green dress from the tavern brought over two empty cups and a white porcelain wine pot branded with peach petals, placing the cups next to Xia Ge and filling them with wine.

Xia Ge turned her head and threw away her heartache, holding her chin with her right hand and tilting her head towards the tavern girl, giggling. "Big sister, your eyes are so pretty, and you smell nice too."

"Young master flatters me."

The tavern girl looked about fourteen or fifteen, and couldn't help but cover her lips and smile when she heard Xia Ge's words. Her narrow phoenix eyes held a hint of amusement. "It's just that this fragrance is not as good as the peach fragrance from this peach wine."

"Wine, books, and beautiful women." Xia Ge's voice was frivolous, his eyes holding a hint of charm. "I really love your beautiful wine and women."

Listening to the boy's cheerful words, Gu Peijiu picked up the cup on the table and unconsciously took a sip. The peach wine from Mo Family Village had a light fragrance and a lingering aftertaste.

She furrowed her brows.
Despite being a child, how could he speak so frivolously?

"Young master sure knows how to talk playfully, but this way my family won't reduce their alcohol expenses anymore," said the smiling winehouse lady before bowing and retreating.

"Ah, such a pity," Xia Ge sighed, propping his chin and watching the winehouse lady's graceful figure disappear. "Can't they at least give a discount for selling their beauty?"

System: "..." Do you have beauty to sell?!

Not labeling you as a harasser and throwing you out of the winehouse is already being polite!

Gu Peijiu didn't pay attention to Xia Wu Yin's muttering. The peach blossom wine's fragrance was captivating, no wonder the young man in front of her was so enamored. However, the aftertaste was too sweet, like a flamboyant dream that didn't suit her taste.

Putting down her cup, she suddenly realized something was off. She raised her eyebrows and looked at the white porcelain cup filled with wine in front of the young man, then at her own cup.

...The cup in her hand was the one Xia Wu Yin had pushed over earlier.

The two cups of newly poured wine were both on Xia Wu Yin's side.

In an instant, Gu Peijiu's mind was filled with the image of the young man smiling with a white porcelain cup in his hand when they first arrived at the winehouse.

A young man full of charm.

Gu Peijiu put down her cup without changing her expression.

"Is it good?" she asked, raising her eyes to meet the young man's black, cat-like pupils. He was grinning at her. "The peach blossom wine from Mo Family Village is famous far and wide."

Its cheapness is also famous far and wide.

Xia Ge added silently in his heart.

Facing the young man's dark eyes and thinking of the cups on the table, Gu Peijiu's heart tightened slightly. Her voice remained calm, without a ripple, as she changed the subject back to her previous question. "You're so young, where did your heartbreak come from?"

Xia Ge covered his heart and closed his eyes in sorrow. "How can I not be heartbroken when my family lost everything?"

Gu Peijiu: "..."

While Xia Ge had his eyes closed, Gu Peijiu quietly switched the cup next to his hand.
And so Xia Ge didn't hear Senior Sister's response for a while. When she opened her eyes, she found that one of the two glasses of wine in front of her was mysteriously empty. Xia Ge was confused when she heard Senior Sister's indifferent voice.

"Why are you able to come here and drink when you've lost everything?"

"Wine can heal wounds," Xia Ge replied.

"Oh?" Gu Peijiu raised an eyebrow. "Heal wounds?"

"Yes, haven't you heard of it?" Xia Ge coughed and began to talk nonsense. "When a person is feeling bad, they can skip meals, but they absolutely cannot skip drinking."

"Nonsense," Gu Peijiu said. "Absurd."

Although she knew that the other person was talking nonsense, for some reason Gu Peijiu didn't feel truly angry or even have the urge to interrupt. She even unconsciously took another sip of peach blossom wine.

The sweet taste of the dreamy peach blossom spread on her tongue, carrying a seductive aroma.

"Sigh, Senior Sister, you really don't understand," Xia Ge squinted his eyes and also took a sip of wine, his face full of meaning. "Wine is a good thing. When a person is tossing and turning in bed, unable to sleep, and feeling so bad they can't even cry, they may not be able to eat, but they can definitely drink."

"Why?" Gu Peijiu asked.

Xia Ge smiled mischievously. "Because wine doesn't intoxicate people, people intoxicate themselves."

"..."

Talking nonsense again.

"Anyway, after drinking wine, people will get drunk," Xia Ge made a profound summary. "People are foolish. As long as they get drunk, they can forget everything, they won't feel bad, won't have nightmares, and can sleep well every day."

Gu Peijiu's hand holding the wine glass paused slightly.

She turned her head to look at the young man in front of her who pretended to know everything and thought of the silly look he had when he was tied up like a red worm by her red ling. No matter how much of a young playboy he was, people were still foolish.

No wonder they could sleep well as long as they were drunk.

"Hehe, Senior Sister, actually, I'll tell you the truth." Xia Ge leaned on the table with both hands, leaned in close, and looked serious. "The reason why I can come here to drink even after losing everything, can even treat you to a glass, and why I stood you up today is because..."
Gu Peijiu looked at him, the young man was leaning in a little too close, and she could easily smell the light fragrance of peach wine on him.

...It was a bit intoxicating.

The young man's eyes, like a cat's, contained a mischievous smile. "Senior Sister, I sold the Liuli wood."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

Before she could speak, the young man suddenly widened his eyes. In those black jade-like pupils, her face was reflected. The young man tilted his head, "Senior Sister...have you not been sleeping well lately?"

Perhaps they were too close, and their breaths were audible.

Xia Ge could easily see the girl's porcelain-like face, with a faint shade of blue under her eyes and a hint of weariness.

Looking at this Dan Peak's senior sister from afar, she was always so cold and proud that Xia Ge couldn't see any trace of exhaustion in her.

But thinking back...

...No matter how powerful or proud she was, she was ultimately just a sixteen-year-old girl.

She was also a mortal like her, who could get tired.

Gu Peijiu leaned back, opening up a distance of a few inches between them. She frowned slightly and said in a flat tone, "Xia Wuyin, sit properly."

Xia Ge sat back awkwardly and muttered, "Senior Sister, are you having nightmares at night and can't sleep..."

Gu Peijiu paused slightly.

Xia Ge saw a chance and her eyes lit up. She began enthusiastically sharing her life hacks, "Senior Sister, I used to have nightmares too, every day. I couldn't sleep. But later, Ye Ze stole some wine and got me drunk, and I fell asleep."

"Senior Sister, drink more alcohol, and you won't have nightmares anymore!"

Xia Ge patted her chest. "You can drink as much as you want. I have a lot of silver! You don't have to save money for me. If you get drunk, I'll carry you back!"

She looked like a heroic figure sacrificing herself for a great cause.

Gu Peijiu: "..."

This look was exactly the same as when she said she would copy the Dan training a few thousand times back then.
Just compared to back then, this little rascal looks...much cuter.

"...It's no problem if Liuli wood is sold."

Her voice was calm as she took a sip of wine, naturally ignoring Xia Ge's life hacks and the volunteer behind her. "I'll take care of the materials for the Fasting Pill."

Xia Ge: "..."

No...what she meant was, if you get drunk, you don't have to worry about making up classes...

Why doesn't Senior Sister understand people's intentions at all!

Sad.jpg

Setting down her wine glass, perhaps a bit tipsy, Gu Peijiu's white as jade cheeks turned a faint red. She slightly squinted her black eyes and looked at Xia Ge, her voice still calm, "Also, I don't have nightmares."

Xia Ge: "...Oh."

This wine is just too sweet.

It has a strong aftertaste, and shouldn't be consumed in excess.

Gu Peijiu didn't pour any more wine, she stood up, and the cinnabar on her sleeve fluttered. "Xia Wuyin, it's time to go back."

"Kakakaka..."

Just as Xia Ge was about to stand up and call for the female bartender to pay the bill, a strange laughter accompanied by a sharp killing intent suddenly rushed towards Gu Peijiu. A thin white figure stabbed towards her!

Gu Peijiu slightly turned her head, and that thin white figure, as thin as a needle, missed the white porcelain-like face of the girl and "clang" pierced into the peach wood table!

The wine jug and white porcelain wine glass both shook!

Xia Ge looked closely and saw that the thin white figure was actually a piece of paper cut into a long, needle-like shape!?

That white paper needle was inserted into the peach wood table, still trembling with a sword-like aura, three inches deep into the wood.

"So you're the great disciple of Dan Peak, Gu Peijiu? Truly a rare and elegant sight."

The voice was as childish as a child's, crisp but with a strange demonic aura.

Gu Peijiu's gaze turned cold, and Xia Ge felt that something was not right. The two of them looked towards the source of the voice together.
"Koko koko koko..."

In a corner of the tavern, two dwarves in straw raincoats sat facing each other, wearing bamboo hats that shaded their cheeks. The southern raincoat-hatted dwarf held a long strip of white paper needles that were strung together like a string on a table, while the other held a thin, pale flute.

The eerie laughter came from the mouth of one of them.

The tavern was quiet for a second, then immediately plunged into chaos -

"Paper Blade White Flute - the twin brothers of the Thousand Soul Sect, White Blade and White Luo!!!"

"Run quickly -"

The raincoat-hatted person holding the white paper needles laughed, his voice crisp and childish, but with an indescribable sinister tone -

"Don't be in a hurry... why run? You all have to go to hell."

The tavern was suddenly in chaos, people screaming as they rushed out the door. The raincoat-hatted person seemed to be getting excited, his laughter becoming even more crisp. "Hey, brother, brother, look, they're all afraid of me. I'm really powerful - can I kill them all?"

Before the other raincoat-hatted person could speak, the long strip of white paper needles in his hand had flown towards the panicked people like a shower of flowers, carrying a rolling killing intent and hostility!!

The tavern girl who had just poured wine for Xia Ge was also very flustered as she ran outside, but her feet stumbled on a chair and she was about to fall to the ground!

The white paper was like a blade, almost piercing through the back of her head in an instant -

Xia Ge's pupils shrank, and he instinctively activated his Ghost Shadow Technique, rushing to push the tavern girl aside. The white paper brushed past her green hairband, taking a piece of fabric with it, and then with a "clang" sound, it pierced the peach wood chair, cutting it in half!

"Clang clang clang -"

Holding the tavern girl's back, the two of them stumbled and rolled to the side, the sound of clanging constantly ringing in their ears. Xia Ge's body was in pain from the fall, and countless sounds of breaking through the air came at him. He felt that things were not good, so he instinctively protected the person under him and lifted his head. What he saw was a warm red shield, like a powerful barrier, blocking all the white paper blades that were attacking him! The sound of clanging, the residual sound of the white paper blades colliding with the red shield!

The girl in red, Red Ling, was elegant, and the tavern was now empty. She stood alone at the door, with the paper blades that were blocked by the red silk under her feet, like a white lotus blooming on the ground. It set off her white skin and sharp eyebrows and eyes.

Xia Ge was momentarily stunned, and inexplicably thought of a phrase.

- One person stands, breaking through a million strong soldiers.
