Xia Ge obediently hid behind Chu Yao. The girl's sword movements were smooth and agile, blocking all the fierce attacks of the puppets without leaving any dead angles. Xia Ge helped with sneak attacks from behind, and the two fought their way out while moving towards the outskirts. Finally, Chu Yao led Xia Ge out of the encirclement and pulled her to a safe place.

"Why did you stay here?" Chu Yao was puzzled.

"I have something to do," Xia Ge said.

Chu Yao looked at her.

Xia Ge avoided eye contact and had no idea how to explain.

"You shouldn't have come to find me," Xia Ge lowered her head.

"Just like how you chose to stay," Chu Yao smiled, patted her head, and said indifferently, "and just now, I chose to believe you."

Hearing this, Xia Ge didn't feel relieved but rather ashamed.

Chu Yao put away her sword and armor. The corners of her clothes fluttered slightly, and Xia Ge changed the subject, "Is this the legendary Chu Dao Ji Ling?"

Chu Yao paused for a moment and said, "Yes, it's not a good thing..."

The corners of her clothes shook, seeming a little unhappy.

Xia Ge reached out her Lu Shan claws and asked, "Can I touch it?"

Chu Yao sneered, "Feel free."

The Chu Dao Ji Ling suddenly became dignified, as if facing something very serious. Chu Yao could even vaguely feel the nervousness of the clothes ghost who always argued with her.

Chu Yao: "..."

This difference in treatment...

Xia Ge touched it a few times and said, "The fabric is pretty good. How did the armor just now change?"

"That was an awakening, a state where the power of Chu Dao Ji Ling can be exerted," Chu Yao said. She thought for a moment and took out the yellow tassel sword Xia Ge had seen before. "With any object as a carrier, the hidden power of the clothes ghost can be extended."
Xia Ge was amazed, "Is there such a saying?"

She laughed, "Didn't your sickle have that state before when you got Town Soul?"

Xia Ge thought of the cloud pattern that appeared on the sickle after getting Town Soul, and suddenly understood.

"...Is it the same principle as that?"

But hers couldn't turn into armor like that.

Xia Ge thought to herself, Chu Yao's armor was really cool.

"Well, generally ancient clothes and charms are like this." Chu Yao said, "The previous sword broke, and this sword tassel is made of spiritual silkworm silk thread, which is invulnerable to water and fire, extremely powerful in spirituality, and can also concentrate and nourish the mind when carried around. I took it off temporarily to make up the numbers."

"Really amazing." Xia Ge said enviously.

Chu Yao handed her the sword tassel and said, "Take it if you want."

Xia Ge: "..."

Xia Ge looked at her hesitantly, "This..."

How to politely refuse in an indirect way.

Chu Yao looked at her, "You can't really let me come here for nothing, can you?"

Xia Ge: "..."

No, it's not that if you accept something so precious, you'll be more at a loss than if she came for nothing?

Chu Yao handed her the sword tassel and said impatiently, "You don't have to be polite with me."

Without waiting for Xia Ge to say anything, Chu Yao said, "If you choose to stay, I have nothing to say."

"But if one day you see yourself clearly."

Chu Yao paused, seeming to think of something, she didn't continue, just looked at her, "...you have to learn to be brave and walk out on your own."

Xia Ge held the sword tassel and suddenly felt a little lost. She always felt that Chu Yao's words had a hidden meaning, but couldn't figure out why she said that.

Chu Yao left.
Xia Ge stood still with the sword tassel in her hand, she didn't come to her senses for a long time.

The puppets had already been dispersed and obediently returned underground. The dark clouds above had dissipated, and the gentle sunlight shone down.

When she turned around to walk back, she immediately saw Su Chan sunbathing on a tree as if nothing had happened.

"... " Su Chan glanced at her and then lightly descended from the tree, lazily saying, "Go back."

The sword tassel in Xia Ge's hand felt warm.

Xia Ge paused and said, "Do you know something?"

Su Chan smiled, "I know too much... what aspect do you want to know?"

Xia Ge didn't say anything.

The two of them returned to the Thousand Soul Sect together.

Su Chan rebuilt a studio for Xia Ge, and all the missing materials were replenished. After Xia Ge returned, she devoted herself to the process of making masks.

After a few peaceful days, Xia Ge finally managed to make a mask that resembled a human face and used spiritual power to ensure that every nerve could touch the skin.

Xia Ge found an A-level puppet from the Demon Sect and put a mask on it.

This kind of puppet usually wears a mask because it has no face. The mask of the little doll was in the shape of a cute little boy. After Xia Ge finished pasting the face on, before the person had a chance to enjoy it for three seconds, she slapped it.

"Smack!"

The little puppet was stunned and looked at her stupidly. It wanted to cry but couldn't shed a tear, looking pitiful.

System: "..."

Xia Ge asked it, "Does it hurt?"

The little puppet covered its face and nodded sadly.

"Okay, it's a success." Xia Ge clapped her hands.

System: "No, you..."

At least give it a candy after slapping it!!!
Summer Song didn't pay attention to anything else and went straight to Lady Ye's place with the materials.

Lady Ye was teaching Mao Qing how to make tea when Summer Song came in. Mao Qing asked, "I haven't seen you these past few days, what have you been busy with?"

Summer Song smiled and said, "I'm here to chat with you guys."

After a pause, she asked, "Where's Bai Ren? Where did he go? Why haven't I seen him?"

Mao Qing's cheeks turned slightly red, but there was a hint of worry in her eyes. She said, "He was assigned a mission."

Summer Song thought that it was probably not a simple task.

Lady Ye said, "Don't beat around the bush, what's the matter with your sudden visit?"

Summer Song didn't conceal anything and said straightforwardly, "Madam, I can fix your face."

Lady Ye and Mao Qing were both stunned. Mao Qing took care of Lady Ye's daily life and naturally knew the secrets hidden behind the mask on her face. She looked at Summer Song and asked uncertainly, "Madam's half-face is made up of puppet construction. The only person in this world who can repair it is the leader..."

"And me," Summer Song interrupted.

Lady Ye seemed calm about her proposal, but her eyes were gentle.

Mao Qing suddenly realized something and looked at Summer Song. "Are you a puppet master?"

She was surprised, but there was no sense of disgust in her voice.

Summer Song suddenly felt a little uneasy and said, "Well...I guess you could say that."

Lady Ye sighed softly, "You're too kind."

Summer Song said, "There's nothing kind or unkind about it. Besides, I don't have anything else to do here."

After she finished speaking, she felt a little embarrassed, "And I can't restore Madam's face to its former beauty..."

She had wanted to say that Lady Ye was as beautiful as a flower, but she remembered the mocking comments from the system before, so she stopped herself and couldn't continue. It was left to their imagination.

Mao Qing raised an eyebrow and asked, "What do you mean by 'former beauty'?"

She shattered Summer Song's self-indulgent mood in an instant.

Summer Song said, "...beautiful."
Madam Ye smiled, "It's okay, it's already very good to have this kind of intention."

Xia Ge rubbed her hands together, "Then let's start now."

The process of applying makeup was quick, and Xia Ge meticulously went through each step. She used up most of the precious mud from the Yunshan Mountains and spent most of the day before she could barely finish.

After finishing, Madam Ye felt a little uncomfortable without her mask covering half of her face. She subconsciously wanted to reach for her mask, but Xia Ge stopped her.

She said, "Madam, you can look in the mirror now."

Madam Ye was a bit nervous and dared not look at her own face. Since her resurrection, she had been wearing a mask every day. The time she took off her mask to look at her ugly half-face, she not only showed extraordinary courage, but also extinguished the last hope in her heart of seeing her son.

With Xia Ge's repeated encouragement, she finally lifted her eyes to the mirror.

The hazy bronze mirror reflected a beautiful woman.

Her eyebrows were like distant mountains, her eyes contained autumn waves, her cheeks were fair, and she carried the grace of a noblewoman.

There was no hint of unnaturalness.

She stared at herself in the mirror, and for a moment, she couldn't believe that the person in the mirror was her.

She tried to smile.

The beautiful woman in the bronze mirror also slightly curved her lips, with a gentle and elegant smile.

Madam Ye subconsciously touched her own face. The beautiful woman in the mirror also made the same movement, and the warm fingertips touched her slightly cold cheek. That feeling of disbelief still hadn't faded.

The system was also a bit surprised and said, "How did you suddenly become so skilled? This morning, you were still half a car accident scene, weren't you cheating?!"

Xia Ge said, "Shut up."

"That wasn't a car accident scene, it was a neural connection experiment to save time, okay?"

Making a face for that little puppet was just to confirm how well she had trained her skin perception level. Don't pay attention to these details of what it looks like.

Xia Ge looked at Madam Ye's originally beautiful half-face and murmured, "And can copying and original creation be the same?"

The system: "..."

Speechless.
But looking at Lady Ye's adoring expression towards herself, Xia Ge felt extremely satisfied.

It was like an artist painting a masterpiece, that feeling of self-gratification.

She was starting to like the profession of puppeteer a little bit.

Xia Ge said, "Now you don't have to worry about going out, as long as no one intentionally reveals your identity, no one will discover your true identity."

Lady Ye looked at herself in the mirror, and after the excitement subsided, she quickly calmed down. She glanced at Xia Ge and felt grateful. "I..."

"You don't have to feel grateful..." Xia Ge thought of her own dead body and felt a little uncomfortable. "This was originally..."

"No." Lady Ye shook her head and looked at her, saying gently, "The past is the past, and the present is the present."

"I should thank you." Lady Ye sighed lightly and said, "If I didn't do anything, I would be restless."

Xia Ge lowered her head. She didn't say that she had been restless all along.

She reached out and a thin barrier appeared around them.

Xia Ge recognized it as a soundproof barrier.

Lady Ye said, "...It's no wonder you feel annoyed being guarded so strictly."

Xia Ge thought of the ubiquitous dark guards and felt helpless.

"She went a little too far." Lady Ye shook her head. "These things...the Sect Master probably wouldn't want you to know."

Xia Ge looked at her.

"It's not a big deal, but I wanted to tell you since you're here." Lady Ye paused and said, "A few days ago, the Thousand Souls Sect caused some trouble, and it was earth-shattering. Although we are in a remote place, we have heard some general information."
