The young man named Ye Ze was dressed in a white maple robe, symbolizing a disciple of the Dan Feng inner sect. His black hair was tied up with a red hairband, and he put the rice paper aside on the pearwood table, his face calm and silent.

"Why are you here at the Sigu Pavilion?" Xia Ge teased him, "Did you do something wrong and get punished by Senior Sister?"

Veins bulged on Ye Ze's forehead.

How dare Xia Wu Yin ask him that?!

"How come you're not talking? It's lonely to copy books alone," Xia Ge said excitedly, having found a partner to copy books with.

"It's pretty lonely to sneak out in the middle of the night wearing night clothes," Ye Ze said, picking up his brush, his voice cold.

"How do you know?" Xia Ge asked.

"Isn't it common knowledge what our Xia Wu Yin does?" Ye Ze sneered, "Peeping at a little girl bathing at night and getting beaten up, failing the Dan Feng entrance exam seven times, stealing and roasting a beast egg at the Beast Peak only to be bitten by the mother beast and bedridden for three days, and once getting drunk and wanting to strip dance... which one wasn't you?"

Xia Ge tried to salvage her reputation with a feeble excuse, "Um... the seventh Dan Feng exam hadn't started yet..."

Ye Ze glanced at her, "You think you could pass the seventh time?"

Xia Ge had no response.

She tried to save face again, "I really didn't peep at the little girl bathing!"

She just wanted to take a bath by herself, but who knew the little girls from the Sword Peak would be there too!

And she was also a little girl, what's wrong with looking at other little girls?

No one could understand the exhaustion of dressing up as a man.

Xia Ge sighed deeply.

Ye Ze snorted, clearly uninterested in her.

Xia Ge didn't mind his coldness and leaned towards him, "You haven't said why you came to the Sigu Pavilion. I'm familiar with this place, but you don't come often."

Ye Ze tightened his grip on the brush, veins bulging on his forehead.
He actually had the nerve to ask again...

He gritted his teeth and said, "I saw you yesterday."

Xia Ge was taken aback.

Ye Ze impatiently said, "At the back mountain."

"At first, I thought it was a thief, but then I saw it was you...I was afraid you would get into trouble, so I followed you. But then I was discovered by a disciple of Jianfeng- why did you go to the back mountain yesterday?"

"You were discovered by a disciple of Jianfeng?" Xia Ge widened her eyes, looking worried and angry. "Ah! Are you okay? The dogs of Jianfeng always like to bite people!"

But in her heart, she understood. So the person who stepped on the twig yesterday was Ye Ze...

"Don't change the subject- Senior Sister saved me, but she punished me to copy Dan Shu 300 times...why did you go to the back mountain yesterday?"

"Ah? 300 times! I had to copy it 3,000 times!" Xia Ge immediately burst into tears. "Why is Senior Sister so good to you! She shouldn't be biased just because you're the male lead!"

Ye Ze was annoyed by Xia Ge's constant change of subject and gritted his teeth. "What male lead! Xia Wuyin! Can't you talk to me properly?"

[Ding! The Lulimu is approaching...]

"..."

Xia Ge suddenly became serious. "Now I can- Senior Brother Ye, when copying books, you should be quiet, focus your mind, and be patient. Only then can you learn a wonderful calligraphy style..."

Ye Ze's bamboo brush snapped in half with a loud crack. "I'm asking you why-"

"Ye Ze, have you finished copying the book 300 times?"

A cold and indifferent voice interrupted him. Ye Ze's expression froze, and the broken pen fell lonely onto the paper, leaving the air in silence.

For a moment, Xia Ge felt that Ye Ze's stiff expression was very heartbreaking.

Really.

But she still put on a serious expression and shamelessly broke the long-standing silence. "Good morning, Senior Sister. I am obediently copying the book."

At the entrance of the Siguoge, a girl stood indifferently in a white long gown embroidered with delicate red maple leaves on the cuffs. The scarlet belt wrapped around her slender waist, and her black hair was tied up with a red rope at the end. Her back was straight, and her eyebrows and eyes were like a painting.

It was Gu Peiju, the senior disciple of Dan Feng.
Even if it hurts, it only lasts for a second. Xia Ge glanced at the boy whose forehead was covered in sweat, and the little demon in her heart almost rolled with laughter.

Hahaha, Ye Ze, you have it coming!

You deserve to be exposed!

"It's getting late," Gu Peiju's voice was as light as a morning spring. "Ye Ze, what were you doing just now?"

Ye Ze squeezed out each word from between his teeth, "Reporting to Senior Sister, I was... preparing to copy a book."

"Oh?" The girl glanced at the broken bamboo brush and the empty paper in Ye Ze's hand, and her eyebrows furrowed unconsciously. "Why did you break the brush handle?"

Being young and easily angered, Ye Ze's anger rose to his heart. He used too much force and accidentally broke it.

Xia Ge gloated and spontaneously found a bunch of excuses for Ye Ze, laughing in her heart - young man, impulse is the devil, remember that.

However, Xia Ge's happiness only lasted for three seconds.

"Why are you laughing?" The girl turned around and looked at her, her black pupils calm and waveless.

Xia Ge: "...Me? I didn't laugh?"

She was gloating in her heart, but her expression had been serious all along!

The key to upgrading the joking system, the Lulimu, was still in this Senior Sister's hands. If it was destroyed because of her laughing at Ye Ze, she would be so unjust!

How did Senior Sister know that she was laughing in her heart... Although she was indeed a little happy, was it really that obvious?

Fortunately, Gu Peiju did not pursue it any further. She just glanced at Xia Ge and then shifted her gaze back to Ye Ze. Seeing that Ye Ze's face was turning red but he remained silent, she commented, "Being young and easily angered, unstable temperament, needs more practice."

In her heart, she thought, "This child harbors hidden anger but restrains himself from venting it. He has a sharp edge in his eyes and is cunning in his heart. He needs to practice swordsmanship for a while to stabilize himself."

"Yes."
Ye Ze lowered his head in response.

"But still needs to be punished," Gu Peijiu said, "with one month's salary."

One month's salary?! Ye Ze's?

Summer Song suddenly shivered with glee.

"Sister Master!"

A voice full of righteousness suddenly interrupted her.

Gu Peijiu frowned and looked at Summer Song. "What's the matter?"

"Withholding someone's salary is like cutting off their head! Sister Master, you...you can't...can't do this...the punishment is too light, reckless..." Summer Song's righteous voice grew smaller and smaller under Gu Peijiu's sharp gaze, until it was only a small mutter. "...if you punish me, it's fine..."

If Ye Ze was punished, where would she go to mooch food? 

Although Ye Ze was the male lead in a harem novel, always whining and complaining, and sometimes she would trip him up if she found him annoying, he was still her brother who had been in the Beggar's Sect with her for three or four years. 

Sometimes, for some people, after a long time, their significance can no longer be summarized by the words "harem novel male lead."

And...

If it weren't for being able to mooch off the salary of Ye Ze's inner disciple, where else could she occasionally go out and enjoy a bowl of wine and some peanuts?

Her few copper coins had been completely confiscated due to the incident on the back mountain. If she didn't hold onto Ye Ze's thigh, she was really going to starve to death.

Recalling that indescribable feeling of hunger, Summer Song subconsciously felt her pupils contract.

Fear can make people brave.

At the thought of Ye Ze being punished with his salary being withheld and starving to death on the streets, an unparalleled courage suddenly rose from Summer Song's lower abdomen, "Anyway, even if you make me copy the Dan Training three thousand times, you can't punish him with a single copper coin!!"

Ye Ze: "..."

Gu Peijiu: "..."

Gu Peijiu carefully looked at the youth who was carrying the burden of three thousand Dan Trainings, still full of righteous vigor, a heroic and righteous look as if he was upholding justice, and was not afraid to copy the Dan Training three thousand times.

Truly...commendable courage.
The girl in the white maple dress lifted her chin, her black pupils slightly cold. "Oh? In that case, you can copy it 30,000 times."

Xia Ge choked a bit, but since she had already boasted, she had to take it on with a thick skin. Face was not important, but money was!

"What about my salary?" she asked.

"As you wish, I won't punish you with a salary cut," Gu Peijiu replied.

Xia Ge was relieved, but then she heard the cold voice of the girl in the white maple dress. "Ye Ze, you can go home after Xia Wuyin copies your 300 times."

Ye Ze: "..."

Xia Ge: "..."

Wait a minute, isn't there a misunderstanding here? Why does she have to copy homework for the almighty stallion male lead?!

Xia Ge watched Ye Ze pack up his paper and leave with a delicate face.

Wait a minute... he just left like that? Without any expression?

Wait a minute...

I'm copying your homework here without any expression, and you just leave with a straight face?!

Is there any justice in this world?!

Ye Ze left, but Gu Peijiu didn't.

Xia Ge reluctantly smiled at her senior sister, suppressing the urge to flip the table. "Senior sister, do you have anything else to say?"

Gu Peijiu looked at her quietly for a while, then spoke. "Just now... he was real. Now, I am fake."

[Ding! Congratulations, you have obtained the impression of Gu Peijiu, "hypocritical outer disciple" of Danfeng Sect! This impression will cause your credibility towards this person to decrease by 30%. Please take note!]
Xia Ge: ...

Wait, wait, what just happened?! What did Senior Sister just say? She? Senior Sister? Fake? How could she be fake? And what does "hypocritical outer disciple" mean?! Wait, why doesn't she know that the system has this function?

Gu Peiju turned and left, leaving Xia Ge with a confused expression.

"Wait, Senior Sister..."

Gu Peiju stopped and coolly evaluated, interrupting Xia Ge's words, "With a heart of chivalry, yet disrespectful to superiors, young and reckless."

"A lone and foolish hero still needs to hone their skills."

After speaking, she turned and left, leaving behind a final remark, "Thirty thousand times, not one less."

Xia Ge: ...

Author's note:

Senior Sister: Just now, he was genuine.

Translation: You were genuinely speaking up for him just now.

Senior Sister: Now, I am fake.

Translation: You're speaking to me now in a very fake and hypocritical manner.

Summary: Hypocrisy makes me angry.

Xia Ge: ???
